Really buggy and terrible to use as of recently
Dear Spotify why do I get songs that I didn't put on my playlist??? And why do we have shuffle play?
The player controls sometimes disappear for no reason. App restart forgets what I was playing but fixes the issue.
"Still extremely slow when changing storage to external sd card.. I'm convinced this is done on purpose, spotify knows of this issue and has done NOTHING to solve it! Over time I have changed sd cards, each being faster in read, write speeds(all samsung brand). And please add ""don't like song"" so it will never appear again in my searches or playlists."
"I'm deleting this app, for the following reasons: This app now has a failing business model. Whether streaming services like it, or not: the consumer doesn't want to pay for music they can't fully own, and 6 ads successively, upon logging in, before a single song, is too much. Closed the app during ad number 6, and I'm more patient than most. If those are the only ways you can profit: you've already peaked. All that's left is your decline."
"Love Spotify, and usually this app is the best, but as others have stated; the control buttons disappear and podcasts stop for no reason, which is only fixed by deleting and reinstalling the app. First world problems for sure, but highly annoying nonetheless, especially when paying for prime."
Can't play Spotify when on WiFi
"I had amazon premium music family package and it was good. Everyone could listen to whatever they liked on their respective alexas in their rooms by just asking to play, no problem. We now have spotify premium family and the alexa integration is poor. It just doesn't like spotify. It just stops playing all of the time , you can't play on different alexa devices at the same time just by asking. Why isn't the integration better?"
Worst app always says I'm offline and never showed any song or podcast
"Android user - there are loads of glitches with this app... player bar disappears, shuffle button missing....sort it out please"
I can't listen to my DOWNLOADED playlist while I'm offline. So what's the point of this feature? Disappointed..
It always crashing down; unable to play and just stop working everytime I use it
I know ads are the cost to free use And yes thats all right But 3 ads straight back to back Like for 1 and a hlaf minutes sometimes Don't you think that's a little much ? And even the volume increases just for the Ads.
"I logged out on my acc but when I tried to open it to log in, it won't open.. all I see is the logo"
"usually I love the app, but I'm having the same problems everyone else is reporting. Random pauses, stops playing and doesn't restart, and currently I can't view the song or podcast I'm currently playing so I can't pause or skip back and forth. It's fairly unusable at this stage which isn't acceptable for a paid service."
cant listen to downloaded stuff when offline
Why this app show no internet available when both phone and wifi data is working. I already Fred up with adds now this happens all the time i want to search for song.
No option to delete a song on an album. No option to download one track on an album and no option to shuffle all your music library without creating a playlist or liking ALL your music.
"WOW!! ....all of a sudden my login doesn't work. Even though I'm 100% positive it is correct. This morning my app asks me to login? Why? This hasn't happened before, so obviously you are having some problems. Just found an email in my account telling me to change my password because of 'suspicious behaviour'.... yeah because logging into Spotify on my Xbox is suspicious!? Thanks for the stress this morning, didn't need that. I won't be renewing....my way of teaching you a lesson."
Am unable to use on my ph .....it gets downloaded but unable to log in
Plz remove adds as because ther are continuously 2 to 3 adds at list remove 2 adds and give 1 adds
"What's the deal here? Compared to the desktop version, this is inferior to it! Why is the ability to play any songs so bare or if not, barely free? Is there more that need to be said about this? I think I made my point clear enough!"
"My account was glitching so I logged out to try and fix it but now it won't let me log back in, it only shows the logo but never the sign in screen"
"Everything I go to open the app in the last week, there's no play bar, and now when I go to open it, it just shuts right back down."
Lost download button. Can't download playlists.
Podcasts becoming a nightmare. Trying to get rid of podcasts on this app is ridiculous. Stupid things are all over the home page. You can click not interested till you're blue in the face and I'll just keep throwing up more spam casts.
Keeps cutting out and not showing what song is playing
Very unuser friendly as compared to ipad and pc
So much adds like I get 6 adds before I start a song and you need premium just play a song itself.
"Since Disney started to pay for ads for Disney+, the non-premium version of Spotify became useless because after 1 or 2 songs you get at least 2 ads, one or two from Disney+ and sometimes one more. I will change my review if I won't get so many ads."
Why dose the go from playing liked songs to songs that you haven't even looked at that's what it's getting three stars
Trash app. Can't even log in via FB account.
"It was good at first, but it wouldnt let me pick a song and it had forced me to listen to an entire playlist to get to my fav song because they limited it to 6 skips per hour, why are you limiting skiping songs?"
"would rate it 5. but whenever, i play something on my playlist it changes to a different song and not my playlist . i hope this get fixed soon."
"Love the app... A few small issues though.. 1. I find a song and add to liked, then look for the same song and it takes me to a whole different playlist Please fix."
Too much and too long ads.
"I didn't really like the app. Whenever I play a song, it just plays a different one."
"Had no issues with this app for years being a premium user but now really struggling with it. As someone else said before, there is now no player so can't skip, pause etc. Not sure if this is because I'm on a Samsung Galaxy? As it does come back briefly if I restart my phone 🤷‍♀️"
"Great song selection, amazing audio quality. However I have problems everyday with casting to Google home, connection issues, and I lose control of the volume. I need to open the app to be able to change the volume which is an inconvenience. I also think there should be an option to 'shuffle all songs' rather than having to put them all Into a playlist, or 'like' every single song which is very time consuming. Making playlists could be easier too, selecting multiple albums at once for example."
It always stuck at black screen
I will give less than one star the app plays too many adds after each and every song As I have not purchased premium this gives too many adds which irritate a lot in your mood.
"I really like Spotify, I don't have proplem with ads but shuffle and only 6 skips per hour is sooooo annoying! I neither want to pay for Spotify premium nor switch to another app, and this makes Spotify really hard to use."
Please turn off shuffle play!!!
"Its good but when u want to play a song , they give other songs yo listen to instaed of the song and sometimes when u trying to get to the song the skips are limited .It has the same effect on the playlist u cant enjoy ur song without other songs interfering and eepecially adding songs u dont like to ur playlist"
"Very glitchy, audio randomly drops out or stops playing. Control bar disappears from the bottom of the screen and unable to pause, stop or skip audio without closing out of the app."
I hate this If i have spotify free i can only listen to the half of the song on mobile hate this f#$× u
"I uninstalled this app because I don't have any use for it anymore and as soon as I did that, the ads for it appeared on YouTube videos Just how freaking desperate do you have to be to promote it this much Please buzz off"
"What the hell? I'm having the same issue as ""The Patoto Man"", minus random songs being added. I can't even choose any song at all that I want to play. I can't view them properly, I can't play them directly and it only starts a 10 second snippet of the song. I can't even listen to any music I want, and can't even have playlists play the music I want. And the big one, it all seems to just be a Samsung/ Google Play Store issue. I can play just fine on Apple mobile devices like iPads."
This app is good but fixe it i can't sign in
"Dude the app is good and all but just today I was using it and later in the day I check it and it won't let me play my playlist, and random songs are added toy playlist I can't even select a song I want to play I can only listen to it for a short period of time, and it says ""you added"" in your playlist and then bottom part says ""we added"" I don't know what to do I just want to listen to the full songs without random bots adding random songs that I don't even like and have any interest."
Works super well.... When it works... The app doesnt seem to want to load 3/4ths of the time. Ultra laggy. Locks up my phone occationally... Makes no sense. Otherwise. Features are plentiful and you can find most anything.
I can't even listen to my favorite songs bc of the shuffle and I tried different accounts and it doesn't even change even a little
it does'nt let you choose your songs
"I love listening to music (I use it as a coping mechanism), so I love Spotify so much too. But, about 3 days ago (?), my Spotify wouldn't load, it would just stay on the spotify logo screen thing. Tried installing it and uninstalling it for 5 times, restarted my phone 2 times, cleared the cache/data for about 8 times, and I still can't open it (also waited for an hour for it to load)."
"Used to be good. It dont let me play my playlists, pause, stop, start and go back a track from my phone (samsung). I emailed spotify and asked help from a member but nothings working."
"For an app that has been available for 8 years, the amount of issues I have is frustrating. Like some other say, it stops playing randomly while in the background, even though I allow background data use and all that. At times while running in the background, the app dissappears from my toolbar and I have to open it independently, then I have no way to click on what is playing at the bottom so I must force close it."
i cant open the app. it's been 2 days please fix this.
It's not that bad but why can't i just directly play the song i pressed on?
"This app worked well until v8.6.98.900, when trying to install newer versions of the app, my pioneer car system wouldn't work with spotify anymore. This means that I have to upgrade all my apps manually to be able to keep the last working version of their app. Hope spotify will fix their broken app soon."
"I use to love this app, but I soon hated it because it keeps on playing music and other songs that isn't on my playlists or my liked songs, I've turned off the option for it to do that ( play similar Songs when your playlists ends. Something like that ) but it doesn't work, I don't recommend."
Sometimes it is not working
Very annoying and disturbing
I have gotten 10 ads in a row trying to listen to a single song. The ads were longer then the sond
"App stuck on loading black screen with Spotify logo, restarted, reinstalled, no luck! Using Note 20 ultra"
"Worst app for music,so many ads."
"Not bad but not good. I wanted to listen to a song that I like but suddenly it played a different song. I tried adding my fav songs to my playlist but it played a song that I did not add on my playlist. Well, that's okay."
Stopped working this morning for some reason.
How long will it take to fix the payment option. Being on the free plan is not a nice experience. I want to get back on Premium but its failed now for the 2nd month.
Having streaming trouble with new update. Skipping of audio and app crashes
The recommendations are always for popular stuff no matter what you listen to. Worst recommendations of all time. There is little to no effort put into these. If you made a playlist exclusively with 90's Norwegian death metal this dumb app would trip over it's dick racing to suggest Island in the Sun by Weezer. The now playing bar only exists most of the time making it almost impossible to use without restarting your phone
I cant open the app 😭 I've tried deleting it and restarting my phone someone help
For a pricey monthly fee the app should work the way it's expected to.. but unfortunately it no longer does... Constantly pausing when you don't want it to no pause button visible when you do want to pause no currently playing information screen So no way to skip forward back etc... And when the currently playing screen is available (often have to uninstall reinstall) still does not rotate to landscape mode ... Been waiting for this basic feature for literally years
Have same issue as others... App keeps freezing and crashing. Is there something with the recent updates as the app plays and stops constantly?
"Please help me how do I fix this I can't open the app the logo is stuck in the screen, I tried restarting and reinstalling the app and it doesn't work. Fix this."
So bad I just want my songs so when I made a new play list to get rid of all the songs they added it literally put 500 extra song I rate one or zero
The app is not working on moto g52 5g. The app opens and nothing happens it will be in opening app state only.
"A lot of ads come in this, after every two songs the add comes, please remove the add."
"This is absolutely ridiculous. I lost all my music, ended that subscription and account, made a whole new one with a new subscription and can't like songs, can't add podcasts or playlists. Severely unimpressed"
"It's a good application. When I'm searching for peace by listening song I can find it here.but I think it needs some improvements.. such as shuffle on off, playlist change,and many more."
can't like anymore songs
"Slowly getting worse, my Spotify has been getting super buggy. A lot of random pauses and disconnects with my Tacoma. Bugged so bad it started playing music without knowing it and I could not pause or pull up any screen that would allow me to pause the music. Had to restart my phone, a S10+."
"Why i am getting hindhi ads, which i could hardly understand, can't even you make advertisment based on the region of user, based on location access?"
"It works for a little then after a while it doesn't. When pressing the play button for a song a whole different song plays something I've never heard before, or pressed on but it shows the song I've requested playing please fix this."
Songs are again play after complete and need to give next track manual
"I don't know whats going on with this app, but I'm encountering so many problems now. The player is not visible nearly all of the time which makes it VERY difficult. Never used to have these problems. Needs to be fixed for Android users."
To many advertisements are there
Too much add its to irritating
"this app is getting more and more annoying, I can't even open the thing, it's just getting stuck on the damn loading screen, I waited for hours last night seeing if it would load, but nope. Fix your damn app"
Last two updates have ruined the app. Turns off mod song and shuffle is stuck on. So frustrating.
"This app is great in so many ways. But Jesus does it glitch. There's so many loading issues that have been going on for months, even when you're offline but have downloaded music, it loads very slow or doesn't at all. Extremely annoying when you pay for your plan and it doesn't even function correctly. Please fix the bugs!!!!"
Worst Everytime I open it I can't play any song It says no internet connection even when I am connected to internet. It only works when my phone is connected to WiFi. That's not good at all
They purposely throttle the app making it unbearable and a waste of time to use unless you have premium. Genuine disgusting business practice.
When I put my songs on random like 2k songs. It always seems the same ones play. Been like this for a while
It just open and crashes
No super awesome on android
"Extremely Poorly Optimised. Autoplays the same song always, unintuitive navigation to artist album releases etc."
"I have deleted the app to reinstall it and now it will not launch anymore!! Have done the clear caches, clear data and force stopping, restarted my phone and reinstalling the app but none of them works.😭 I have a premium.accnt and now I cannot even access it ! It gets stuck to the logo opening😐"
"PREMIUM BUYERS: READ B4 U BUY Guys, the app's awesome. But: 1.There is no way to see all of the songs downloaded to ur phone. U can only see the playlists u've downloaded or partially downloaded. 2.The only way to clear space is to either delete all of ur songs or go playlist by playlist. If a song is on multiple playlists it won't delete. 3.You can't delete individual songs. This review is limited to 500 char. so I'm cut short. And offline mode is broken too. Dev email me for full report."
Customer Service is terrible. They don't answer emails back. No customer service phone number. No way to cancel subscription. Total Garbage. No help from them at all they just want the monthly subscription costs.
I never seen this type of app it's worst app The app is not at all opening from first i didn't listen even one song also Pls solve this problem Spotify 👍🏻
WHEN I GO TO MY MUSIC IT KEEPS PUTING MUSIC THAT I DONT KNOW AND MUSIC THAT ARE NOT IN MY PLAYLIST LIKE FIX IT
I haven't used this app yet because it doesn't open when i press the app.. Spotify pls fix this.
"I was using the lite version then j installed this and i think that lite is better. The like button and skip are too close to each other, so it dislikes the song instead of skipping it and there is undo option for that u have search it again and also it crashes a lot. My phones literally telling me uninstall it bc of the crashes😕. And sometines the player also dosent work and it dosent have background player like the lite version😐. I getting rid of this one, getting the lite version😧"
I bought 1day premium pack and still getting ads. Whats the point of spending money on premium?
Keeps crashing on my s22 ultra
"So you mean to tell me that on order to listen to the songs that I WANT to on mobile and not some random song that will play instead, I am required to pay for Premium? Yeah, no. One star, and going back to YouTube."
"WAY too many ads, and it's always the same annoying 3. Ffs"
"App is extremely glitchy. Thought it was my phone and/or my poor internet but NOPE. After reading all these posts I see my experience is the same as others. So much for adding a Premium account, no thank you. 7/22 Pretty much the same as above. Still glitchy. Still no premium upgrade desired. Thanks though.👍"
I hate Spotify it won't let me choose what I want type of music it sucksssss I hate I hate it I hate it!!!!! ;
That's too much. Why would I use a music app that doesn't allow me to choose the tracks I wanna play? I'm done with Spotify.
I can't see my playlists on the app. It kept saying that i need to add music and podcasts. I tried creating new playlists but it didnt appear on my library. Is this a bug? Please fix this.
"I have a love/hate relationship with this app. I dont mind the ads, its the fact that i cant choose what songs i want to listen to anymore. I only get previews of the songs. I can only get 6 skips per hour. I cant do anything i want. Almosr all the songs i like to listen to are only for premium users. You put so many restrictions on us. Id rather pay for tidal. 2022 UPDATE: switched to youtube music my life is so much better 😻😻"
Every time I play a playlist or press shuffle on a playlist. It gives me some random song I haven't heard of before or even want to hear. For example I was playing a star wars playlist and out of nowhere after the first song. It went to someone like drake
"Its been a week since I've got this problem where I can't open the app, it's just a black screen with the Spotify logo in the middle, please fix it as soon as possible, I really enjoy the app"
Select a song and get something else Ask for RHCP and get Limp Bizkit. i can deal with the dozens of ads but itd be nice to get the music you actually choose.
"Updates downloads when I need it most, I work in a manufacturing facility so it is very hard to get connection and I cant having my phone out too much on the floor. Its annoying to have to wait on it working and feel like my job is at risk cause my PRE DOWNLOADED PLAYLISTS need to re-download... SHUFFLE DOESNT WORK. PLAYS SAME 20 SONGS OUT OF A 40 HOUR PLAYLIST! FIX IT PLEASE!"
The app isn't optimised for low connection speeds and spotty connections.
"Spotify as a platform is great. But the app for android is slow, glitch filled garbage."
Very hard to use compared to other platforms
It just simply is using a different sing to the one I select
"I like it I still use and all but the ads bro so many ads like I pick a play list and literally over 6 ads go on then when it's say ""enjoy the next 30 minutes without ads"" its liying cuz and ad pops up when it hasn't even been 30 minutes but I like how it's set up and all so ima still use but bro the ads are over board"
Downgrading to one star. Enjoy paying for a thing that doesn't work.
I can't even open the app anymore I can't listen to music
"Hello, i facing a problem sometimes it turn off suddenly and no pop up when music was on. I have to keep install and uninstall this app, and it kinds annoyed me sometimes. Please fix this bug. I was using samsung a73 G."
"Decent service... Except that the free version is getting to the point that at least as much time listening to music is spent listening to ads! 😵 I get you want people to pay for Premium but it's truly ridiculous. Used to really like Spotify. Now I just turned it on, it played ONE song, and then LITERALLY at least 8 (I lost count) ads ranging from 15-45 seconds EACH. And not even the ""Enjoy your next 30 mins of ad free listening"" message so for all I know it'll be the same after the next song."
"premium user for years. Spotify has always been my fav music & pod app but I'm thinking about switching. Never used to have any issues, 2 yrs ago I switched to iPhone for the first time - still no problems. Switched back to Samsung a few months ago, the app is almost impossible to use. You can almost never see 'now playing' to control your show or music. It randomly pauses your podcast for no reason. & It marks podcasts as played after 1 sec so you can't sort by unplayed. Also a million pop ups."
"This app disconnects from the internet regularly for no reason. Can't set daughter's lullabies to ignore so guess what my most played songs and recommendations are? This app isn't cheap, I expect it to be far better."
There is no search option for song.
It will open but I'm stuck at the sign in it won't do anything except show the logo
"Music and podcasts keep pausing for no reason. Also the playbar for whatever is playing (when it does decide to play) is mysteriously absent from the bottom of the app UI, and also absent from the pull down notification bar on my phone."
The app won't show the playlist I want to listen too whether that's a podcast or not the app says there is nothing in it or it will continually loud for hours never ending. Note this has been happening to me for months
"Too many ads. It says ad free for 30 min, but the ads continue after 3 songs."
"Since the last update, my Spotify has been pausing frequently. It's very frustrating and makes my subscription a waste of money. Please fix it."
Apple music is worse. But better.
Crashed & support doesn't give a damn. After contacting they gave up because every trouble shoot option they have DOES NO DIFFERENCE.
"This app is way to buggy for how big the company is and how long it's existed. Long load times, buttons fail to do anything. Continually having to speak to tech support. Avoid"
It lower the volume to the point very difficult to hear over the car radio very disappointing.
"I use this app for podcasts mostly, but it keeps stopping on its own and part where I can pause and rewind is not even coming up, to pause I have to close the app. When it works, it is a good app."
I love this app and I'm freaking out because I accidentally logged myself out of my account and when I went back on the app it just have spotify symbol in middle of screen and doesn't do anything... Ive uninstalledthe app 2 times and still nothing..
"adds were never there and It should have stayed that way instead of chasing after sponsors and money they should stick with what they have bc all there doing is losing users. Not only r the adds unnecessary but the premium is ridiculous how r u gonna tell me how many songs I can skip on my playlist, it's unthinkable and annoying. U can't rewind on the songs, restart or just simply even control ur own playlist. My point is they could most definitely upgrade the app and make it more user friendly"
"Rn I am unable to pause, skip & play music in my spotify playlist. I usually had that bar that allows you to pause, play & skip to the next song when you minimize the spotify app to have music play in the background but its not there anymore. If I play a song from my playlist the next song in that playlist does not play for some reason. Or if I want to pause a song that is playing I'd have to close the app entirely. I have this problem whether I use my earbuds or not. I've never had this problem"
Please put an option to allow us to exit out of the playlist when we are not listening to music. Its extremely frustrating that all I can do is pause the music. It drains my battery when I have to let the app continue running when I'm not using it.
"App crashes, no now playing information. If it ain't broke don't fix it, latest update is garbage"
"Used to be good, getting worse. Buttons disappeared. Not happy"
Podcasts aren't available in my area. So annoying.
Too many commercials. Limited to skipping songs in playlist
"Randomly stops when listening to music or podcasts. Quite annoying, missing Winamp more everyday."
"To tell you the truth guys I preferred Spotify Stations it's easier to customize playlists based on the individual artists. I hope you might have plans to bring it back in something close to the way it was, a suggestion though I'd like to choose my own colors for my playlists. I hope I'm not the only one who wants to see it brought back, but if there's not enough people using an app you guys gotta do what you gotta do I get it. Thanx for listening."
"None of the music actually plays. The ads do, but never the music."
"I don't like when I search a song; that it doesn't let me listen right away. It puts the song in a ""playlist"" that I don't want to hear."
"Spotify was fine, I never paid to remove the ads because I don't mind them. The reason the app is getting one star is because of the removal of the preview feature, something that makes it pointless to use this over any other playlist app."
App performance is good but one thing which make this app not good is a lot of Ads and it is soo irritating so I am disliking it
"Breaking up often (typically every each 9-10 seconds) skipping 2-3 seconds. Extremely annoying. Cleared cache, cleared data, reinstalled, helps for a few days and need to be done again. Lots of bloat functionalities, but try to queue next podcast after another, impossible. Home menu living its own odd life, favourites as well. Looking at blog nobody is doing anything for ever green bugs, sad."
Re-download app because i was having issues and now the app won't even open. Just stays stuck on the spotify symbol. It's more of an issue because I'm paying for premium and I can't even use it! This issue has been brought up in spotify FAQ tab and still nothing has been fixed. Very disappointed. Had to download pandora in the meantime.
"Edit: The SD Card trick from online forum works. App is working as intended. Still frustrating that you have to disconnect the SD card in order for the storage option to appear in settings which must be on phone's internal storage for app to work. Mobile app does not work. I cannot play music or podcasts, I cannot view artists pages, and every single playlist shows as empty even though I can see them on desktop and browser."
"Not sure what's happened with this app. But it skips my songs all the time, just like a CD. I uninstalled/reinstalled and even in between got a new phone. Absolutely NO DIFFERENCE. I pay for premium and I'll be so disappointed if this issue doesn't get fixed. It used to be my favorite for music...unfortunately no longer. Very frustrated."
"Not great to navigate, and it keeps screwing up to the point where I have to uninstall and reinstall it because it forgets that it's playing my podcast and gets rid of the controls. For $8 a month I can get my content elsewhere, it doesn't even intuitively bring up the next podcast I should be listening to"
App suddenly stopped working on my Android.
"I would give this a 0 star if possible,i used spotify a lot back in the day.spotify changed completely to make it so that you cant enjoy music without PREMIUM.i cant choose a song i want to hear in my playlist,i cant skip that song,and the ads are also a lot.spotify your so bad now.not all of us can afford premium.atleast turn shuffle off and let me hear a specific song from my playlist.please.thats all i want."
I love this app but I had to uninstall then reinstall but everytime I open the app it just stays on the logo tried 3 times it's not working
I am here downloading this app so that I can change my alarm ringtone
Yall are getting rid of the voice feature and I'm disappointed
"I am very disappointed, I listen to spotify all the time and am completely tired of stupid suggested songs, I even put on yhe blocker in settings and it still doesnt work!! I WANT TO LISTEN TO MY OWN SONGS!!!!! Not popular songs everyone else likes. I AM GOING TO TRY OTHER COMPANIES, BECAUSE I SURE AS HECK HATE THIS ONE!!"
Music is stopping out of no where n I'm starting to get more annoyed about it
Update 7-8-22: The shuffle is busted. Plays only what you recently discovered and spinned a lot. This rule is counter intuitive to what people expect from a shuffle.
All of a sudden the app will not work on my S22+
Initially i liked this application but Why the hell it doesn't work on my wifi it only works on my mobile data
"I hated iheartradio, so I am trying this. It is an improvement over iheart so far. However, some things could be streamlined better. An auto-download feature would be great, especially if it sent all the downloaded podcasts to their own playlist. The ability to reorder a playlist or library should be an option. Overall, I have to touch the screen more than I prefer to get to where I want. Updated 7/8/22: new updates have reduced this app to hot garbage."
"Nice app, but when your free trial is over, the quality really goes down, if i search a song it gives me some random person's playlist, and i can't skip to the song i like. Nice app, but only the premium version."
The new update is just horrible I don't like the fact that I NEED TO PAY TO LISTEN TO WHAT I LIKE it's absolutely infuriating and the offline update? You never did it unless you go back to the old update then the one star is all you get
Would be great if it actually worked. I'm having issues with this app at least 50% of the time.
"In my opinion the add more songs feature is really unhelpful no matter how many playlists I make it reccomends the sake songs over and over and I don't even kind them and the genres they reccomend are completely unrelated to what I Listen to,I think they should add a feature where u can dislike a song or hide it, so it doesnt get reccomended to u again, but where u can still search it up or view it in a folder just incase"
"The app is so glitchy on Android that it won't let me play any music on my phone. It's been this way for 2 months now, and at the worst time (while I was on a road trip and needed tunes). And no customer support number to help me fix it...What am I paying for exactly? Going to try to get refunded, maybe I'll sign up again if they fix the app."
It's actually not that bad to us upcoming artistes so download it bro it's awesome take it from me Lil Tentacion 6ix rich
"Actually it's good, but the ads when your enjoying but the ads"
Been using spotify for ooo 6 or 7 years... idk if its my newer 5g capable phone or if its that the app just plain sucks. But it does suck. Currently trying to play music over wifi and its saying i dont have an internet connection 🙃
"when you search for a specific song and you press play, why does the app play a completely different song?"
"A great resource for music and podcasts, BUT constantly deciding to randomly stop or start, podcasts are a pain to stream - need to have a new episodes feed that works. I'm paying for this! You need a widget that works, and to fix all the issues with Android auto."
"always something with this app. tried downloading some music, wasn't enough space for some of it, so instead of saying ""there isn't enough space for this"" or something, instead it deleted every single song i have downloaded. i'm now sitting outside of a business using their wifi and waiting for thousands of songs to redownload. frustrating"
"Hi spotify when I listen to my favorite songs, I'm getting poor play back quality. The songs are freezing right in the middle of the song. And it's not just one song, it's doing it every time I listen to the app. I tried Un installing the app, then opening it up again but no difference. I won't need to continue Spotify premium, hopefully this gets fixed so I can come back to enjoy my songs."
"PLEASE FIX THIS BROKEN APP. Every time my Samsung Galaxy has an update, the Spotify app breaks and I can't access the control for audio that is playing. It just plays, without control, until I cost the app."
"Trash, hard to choose song. Kinda confused. Sometime the apps just shuffle the song. I just need one"
The listening experience is great but I cannot search for any new song/artist as I am stuck with 'No internet connection available' on a high speed WiFi connection. Tried every hack available on the internet to no avail. I'm a Premium member FYI
"This app needs major improvements. Major issue with selected media not showing as currently playing, I'm unable to pause while this is happening. Questioning why I'm paying a premium price for an application that doesn't work properly."
"I love the app in general, but lately there's been a lot of glitches: I can't queue anything properly, quick action bar disappears sometimes, it even stops playing on it own. I'm up to date on the updates, restarting the app or my phone doesn't help..."
"Once again the ""now playing"" menu is gone making it impossible to pause or resume a song or podcast without force closing and restarting the app. This is on OxygenOS 12.1"
It's a great app but I'm having an issue trying to log in because the app isn't loading idk. If it's my phone or the app itself
The bar with the currently played music doesnt come up making me unable to start/stop the music.
"Got logged out of my account that still has premium and I don't know what email I used. Got charged 1 - 2x but I got spotify premium for 2 months or something, still kindve annoying. Still have me free premium with the same card."
"Usually works fine, but now it keeps closing as soon as I open it. I've tried reinstalling it and restarting my phone, but it won't open."
Very bad. Can't preview song.
Worst appni ever used.having 2gb of mobile data but still can't acess any song
my downloaded song are removed after my subscription had ended. very bad policy.
"This is a good app but the main downside to it is the point that we can't listen to our playlists and songs in the order we want, PC and Mac is the exception which allows all of the above but still have ads."
I used to love this app but it's become unusable as of late on Android.
"I logged out of my Spotify account to log in too my friends for a brief second, but as soon as I logged out Spotify has been broken. I've been met with nothing but a grey screen with the Spotify logo. I closed in and out. I waited over night, still didn't work. This morning I deleted it then re-downloaded it. AND IT STILL ISN'T WORKING??"
I don't like how it bugs every once and a while like when I really need it to work. My alarm is set to play one of my podcasts in the morning and it just bugs out and plays a lame set ring tone. I don't like how it makes me log out and log back in for it to work again
For some reason the widget on my home screen quit working and it no longer allows me to skip or play again from my lock screen?
I already subscribed to your spotify premium and still not working or opening to my device. I already emailed that I was having a hard time opening your app. Please fix spotify
"Complete garbage. They have no IT/software team. Most buggy, nonfunctional app I have ever used. Free version might be worth it but do not give them money. They just cash it in instead of developing."
Horrible interface with tons of bugs.
The app was perfect when I downloaded it.It was very fun to use.After somedays of using it shuffles the song automatically.And it plays random songs that I don't want to hear.I can't play the song that I want to listen.It was a great app.But after this problem started I am getting irritated.And I tried to redownload it.And it still has the issue. So I don't even wanted to give a star.Just the problem nothing else.
"I don't want to see ""shows to try"" or ""episodes for you"" podcasts first in the front page. I really dislike the recommendations, often grotesque and straight up unamusing, so I would never, ever use Spotify to listen to podcasts. I don't pay premium for letting you shove those horrible shows at the beginning of the front page, I'm paying to have my MUSIC ad free."
"I've been paying for my premium only for me not to enjoy adds free and download,really disappointed"
"Let me stop autoplay when connecting to car bluetooth! It's not accessible. I want to hear my GPS without having to pause playback multiple times. Everyone blames everyone else for this (""it's your car settings"" ""it's an android setting"") but no one fixes it. Google apps can toggle ""allow external devices to start playback"" but that doesn't fix Spotify. Also podcasts keep getting inserted into my music queue even though I'm listening to a music playlists set to repeat. Keep them separate."
"I'm sick of it, Spotify, please stop adding songs to Play lists. I get. You want us to try something new but it's getting annoying"
The app requires updates too frequently. For the cost it should be more reliable.
I am a die hard spotify fan... but with the new update. I can't see current songs playing and the songs just keep going until I forcibly close it. Kinda sucks.
Rubbish I don't know if it updated or something but you can't play a specific song anymore
"Not much interested, getting lots of advertisements"
"Edited: Reading through the reviews, just wondering has this company been sold to a venture capitalist? Everyone's mad at u guys. I'm sorry, I usually don't do this, but I have to edit my excellent rating I gave this app. Last few days have just been really bad. Right now I can't see my currently playing song. My queued up songs and that's making it difficult to use the app. Kindly correct this and I'm happy to return my previous excellent rating. Thanks . . . . . . Simply awesome 😊👌🏿"
"Love Spotify generally, but reading reviews I've been suffering a problem that many others are experiencing. Function bar disappearing, not allowing me to pause etc, also affects pausing using my headphones. Music keeps stopping on its own accord. It is so frustrating!!!"
"Horrible push towards paid premium, nothing but continuous ads one after each and every song played. Very limited 30 minute free plays if any and now it won't let me use my 6 free skips or it makes my phone skip a song without me touching it. (As of July 2022) makes previously privated playlists public, can't delete old playlists no matter how often I press the button, constantly exiting out of app, just awful."
"Computer version is much better and has a repeating option. On phone app it doesn't work. You can pick the song you wanna hear instead of random, unlike the app"
"There are sooo many problems with Spotify, maybe because I use an android but it keeps on saying that there are connection problems and not letting me access anything, please find a way to allow other android users to make full use of this app"
I am facing issue with the app as my wifi and data everything is working it still shows you are offline everytime. I tried troubleshooting but nothing happens.
My dudes i love you but i now cant listen to music when my phones locked. Please fix and ill change rating
"Terrible experience for listening to podcasts, it never remembers last played position of a podcast, it doesn't sink between devices..i.e. my computer and phone."
"Laggy, not as good as it was previous versions. I'm not a fan of the new changes, plus it won't let access songs when I'm offline, when half the time I'm just on cellular. Edit: still having the same problems since may 2022...why have none of the updates fixed these basic problems? I've mostly switched to a different podcast player, but still looking for a good alternative music player."
"Updated rating 7/8/22: the app has become unreliable. Podcasts stop for no apparent reason, especially when screen becomes idle. I installed the app on a different phone with a bigger memory, but this app still stops. Fix your damn app, Spotify."
"It's a great app for listening music, I have playlists I've made as profile Cheetah345 with probably thousands of songs. I have few complaints other than the fact that premium is just expensive enough that as a teenager with not much income I can't afford to spend that much. Unfortunately you are pushing a political agenda with ads that I am sick of. Every time I listen anymore every single ad is for pro gay junk. I don't want ads for that. It's gotten so bad I can't even use this app anymore"
"Play bat keeps disappearing. can't pause/play or change the song. Sometimes it won't even play a song after selecting it multiple times. Constantly freezing, can't even pause with my headphones when that happens. I have to completely close the app and restart it for it to start working."
Such a rubbish app lots of advertisements i m going to uninstall this app ..
Just had to sit through 6 adds straight as a free user only to it to play a completely different song than the one I clicked on.
This app is a god damn mess. I pay for glinches apparently.
It's not even starting. it only shows the spotify logo. Am I only suppose to see logo in this app??
Every time i want to listen to my fave songs i can listen to a few but after like 5 songs it changes to a totally other song
When are they going to fix the broken dowload/offline working of spotify.
Always there are bugs and glitches it always exit the app when I lock my screen
Other music apps have an offline feature where it allows you to download some certain music for free but it's otherwise here .
"The latest update ruined it. Crashes, controls disappear, won't switch to online after offline, and more."
The App is amazing but the newest update has been quite Annoying. When I'm trying to play my playlist it always goes to some recommended songs which I can't skip.
"I love this app, but if feels like it will never improve... sometimes it just glitches and refuses to play and you have to exist and enter again... if you try to listen at the same time with friends there's a delay between when you hear the song and they do... even to this day they haven't brought listening activity to mobile... like just have it as a tab that you can open if you want to... there are so many things they could add, but they just don't... such a shame..."
I have lost the ability to pause and skip songs on the app.
Does the touch of my hand work? I can't change the song? An annoying app.
Great app find all songs i like and new ones but tired of being double charged for the premium package about to uninstall
"It's a very good app for music...loved it a lot.. but today when I'm trying to open the app it's not working even after reinstallation, it's still not opening. Please fix the glitch"
The 'What's playing' facility has disappeared. The most basic feature - gone. Not good enough.
Works but feels rough and clitchy. Unbelievable that such a big brand like Spotify cannot make an app thats well intrgrated with a premium android device. This should be a AAA title. I'm using GalaxyS20 and constantly have issues with simple stuff. Like pausing the music or controlling the app through galaxyBuds. Often freezes and music stays playing in the background with no way of turning it off other than hard closing the app. AndoidAuto experience is even worse.
"Thanks for dumping all my downloads without even telling me! Appreciate that! I also love how when I don't have cellular reception, you won't let me play the podcasts that I already downloaded. I also love how as time goes on the more glitchy and unreliable the app becomes. Thanks for letting me down, Spotify!"
Not happy with the hey Spotify thing. I don't like it taking away my control while I'm in a vehicle.....or maybe this is just a bug.
Logedin on my family premium plane to listen to music on plan flight and loged out wen u landed and I now just can't get in I have uninstalled it 3 times and it won't work
Continually riddled with issues. Currently it will just quit playing on me. It does not seem like Spotify truly cares about customers through my experience I have continually felt ignored in that the issues are generally left unresolved for an excessive amount of time... Awesome to know it wasn't just my device because I just upgraded to the s22 ultra and the issues are still here with liked song filters like I've complained about for months
"The music options are great, podcasts are great, but functionally it doesn't work half the time. You play a song and there is a bug that causes the app not to show the pause and play buttons. They don't reappear until I restart my phone. Have to force close the app to stop playing anything. Can't skip any songs. Really an app breaking bug."
Still garbage. If I wasn't so deep into creating my library using Spotify I would use a different app. Constantly have to redownload everything for absolutely no discernable reason. App closed and reopened? Guess you're downloading your entire library for the third time this week.
"I prefer free coz it always drive me crazy when i m choosing e wallet payment methode, gopay or telkomsel, all the same..."
"I'm giving this two stars for no other reason that Spotify intentionally screws over desktop users by denying them important features which are ONLY on the app. Why can't I block artists on desktop? Why force me to use the app? I'd use it anyway, but making me HAVE to is just kinda butts."
I pay money for this every month and it is garbage. I've loved Spotify for years. Now they can't get it right. I'm seriously about to end my subscription and switch.
"This is mony app no install this app, wink is best and gana is best app😒😒"
doesn't go past the loading page
"Worst audio quality in the market. It's more a social network, if you really like music this is not your app."
Very poor when offline
Crashes on android everytime I go full screen. I thought this was a mature app? Where is quality control?
"App is terrible. It always errors out, crashes, fails to display a toggle bar for whatever you are listening to in order to pause or skip ahead. How can such a big company have such an awful platform."
App is good but had lot of trouble logging in once logged out
I've been using Spotify since I first started using a phone. I can bear with the ads and everything but for some reason recently the music would just stop when I went to other apps and I'd have to start the song from the beginning again. It happened a couple times and I thought that it's okay but it's been happening so much recently its really getting on my nerves
Ads are more I am not interested in this app i am deleting it
"Love the app, have had it for years, but I just got a new phone (Galaxy S22), and since then when I use Spotify, my queue doesn't pop up when I start listening, I can't pause or go back and forward in any podcast or song/playlist. Obviously this is annoying if you want to check how long is left on a podcast or song, or missed something that was said now can't hear again without starting over, or worse needing to pause for a variety of reasons. Please fix"
"The app will not even open anymore. I logged out and since then it stays at the loading screen. I've tried reinstalling the app, restarting my phone, even tried waiting it out. Nothing. Just a big logo that never goes away."
"I am seriously considering looking for another music streaming aap. For weeks player keeps vanishing. Can't control this aap, pause or stop playing. It's not free application. This is ridiculous."
This is a very good service for laptops and desktops but the new updates are totally ruining the experience for mobile users and making it horrible. There used to be a kebab menu (three dots) icon whenever you searched a song which allowed you to add it to a playlist directly. Now you must play the song before adding it to a playlist because the three dots disappeared. Also mobile users don't have the option of rearranging the songs on a playlist. Please resolve these issues ASAP.
Just let me view the creators songs not recommended songs. It's so annoying.
"An offline version should be developed, Meanwhile the app is nice,appreciated."
There is a 30 second advertisement after each song and it is very irritating.
Cut the ads Good ...........🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
"WAYYY to restricting! This app annoys me because its literally Forcing me to buy premium. I shuffle in my playlist and it plays a completely different song i havent put in my playlist Its so annoying that i have to shuffle in order to get the song i want to play cause if i click a song, it doesn't even play it. I dont even get the song i wanna play! I only get 6 skips per hour and the updates they make are a HUGGEEE downgrade. Im done with this app."
"I only really use this app for podcasts. I still don't understand why it will stop my current episode and then go to a random one. It's very annoying, happens daily."
"Need a mental piece of mind but this app would let me. The ads are pretty annoying, talks about Spotify premium all the time like I would purchase. If I did then it will be over my dead body. Deleting the app. Sayonara #crapapp"
It did work at first then after a bit it started to play up I tryed unstalling it and installing it again and again and it still wouldn't work I really enjoy the app its just playing up so I just stoped using it
I don't know if a bug or not u can open the app but just the logo that u can see I bin waiting for hours bat I can go to the app
"Queue does not work, it seems it only queues the last song you added to the queue."
Recently the app just seems to randomly stop and start playback. Often I have to restart the app because none of the playback tools work (it seems to be stuck on playing something) and this playback continues across everything else.
this app is useless! so many times listening a podcasts and suddenly stopped and can't play it back until restart my phone and so many other issues that u don't expect from a company that big shame on you spotify really.
It gives me a different song instead of playing what I wanted.
This app sucks bcs the bug pls fix it when i tried to play something but the song is wrong
Application isn't working with wifi
"broken app, no more 30 mins of uninterrupted listening"
"I hate that i can't listen to what I want. I can't choose a song, and I have to wait and listen to the whole playlist to hear song i want. I also hate limited skips and how Spotify itself puts songs on my playlists. The sound quality is really good but you have to fix somethings"
ads more than songs
Really a superb app but i give only 3 stars because there are one advertisement at a single song.so kindly avoid it
Add ability to better control volume when playing to Alexa speaker groups with multiple echos devices. Stop paying for Joe Rogans misinformation.
Good until you plays the song I didn't like. Can't even switch to other song.
i just downloaded and it's stuck on the screen with the logo. fix this please! I haven't even logged on :'(
"Love the app, always have. However, it's been nothing but issues recently. The ""now playing"" info doesn't show. So I can't pause or skip music. It also stops randomly and I have to close the app and go back in and press play again to start over the playlist since I can't just continue with no ""now playing"" bar."
This update is horrible when i play the music i want it puts a random song please remove this update and make people listen music in peace!
I open the app just wont load so I can login why is that ?
"I am a paid subscriber and have been using Android OS for >12 years; I know all the tricks. I cannot control the app or terminate a group session - none of the controls are working, even after stopping it from the OS app manager, clearing cache and data, and re-signing in. Unacceptable for a paid app."
Overall the app is pretty good except that its a bit confusing on a phone rather than on a laptop. I also don't like how on a phone you can't choose what song you want to play from your playlist and you only get to hear a snippet of the song. Please change this because it comes to a very big disadvantage for people who do not wish to purchase premium.
"Hi there, I have uninstall this app in my handphone and i have check play store there is also no spotify app in my account.. Why do i still have to pay for the subscription fees? Able to assist please. Thank you."
"After the update, Spotify doesn't load. It is stuck on the logo. I hope there is an immediate response regarding this issue. Thank you."
I'LL FU KING DONT UNDERSTAND HIW TO USE SPOTIFY NOW!!!!I LIKE THE OLD ONE.WHY U CHANGE IT? DONT DOWNLOAD GUYS..IF I CAN GIVE ZERO STAR I WILL GIVE ZERO STAR!!!!!!I HATE THISS PLEASE CHANCE IT BACK BC WHEN I WANT TO PLAY THE MUSIC..NOT THE MUSIC WILL COME OUT!!!! I LOVE SONG AND I HATE SPOTIFY FOR NOW
Bad due to ads at sevral time
Too too too much ads.
Whenever I hear an ad on Spotify I vow I will never use that product
"Can't listen to songs offline, you need premium, other then that it's good."
Same songs keep repeating
Normally would've given this app 5 stars but I didn't because of the following reason: -Apps are supposed to be better than the web version but not with this app. The shuffle option is very frustrating to deal with when you just want to listen to one song on mobile. You'll have to go through multiple songs just to listen to the one song you wanted to listen to. What doesn't make sense is why I don't have this issue on my tablet but I do on my phone. Can't loop either. Please fix this issue.
I have downloaded this app about three times now and I can just log in or sign up..it keeps telling me am offline or try again even though I have strong network connection... This is not good at all
Randomly stops playing and doesn't show the controls at the top bar. Very glitchy in the last year
"Hello I'm currently having an issue where I couldn't log into my spotify. I don't even know what the problem is but the screen become all black whenever I open the Spotify app. I enjoy using Spotify so much and I open it everyday. I even subscribe to the premium plan. However, now I cannot use this Spotify and I chose to use the Lite version. PLEASE fix this problem for me :'("
Extremely glitchy and buggy. Never had an inuse intil last week. will not let me pause music go forward to the next song fast forward rewind and will will not open the media player. I have no control. Debating switching to Apple music
"1 minute ad after every 2 songs (sometimes even 1 song) it's unacceptable! To be specific, 2 Disney+ ads, each of 30 seconds. And it's July, stop putting Christmas songs in Daily Mixes! What's wrong with you people?!? 🙄"
This app aint working on my phone i redownloaded the app but still broken Idk what happened
This app has gone from good to worse I listen to one song and I get 5 to 6 advertisements at a time it's ridiculous nobody should download this app anymore
It's not opening up I have tried many times some days ago when I used to search for a song it would show no network but my network was all fine 😞 then I reinstalled the app but now it's not opening up at all it used to work all perfect but now don't know what happened pls ans me ??????
You cant so alot on ur phone i was trying to listen to my favorites and it wouldnt let me u can also not go back to the previous song
"Pathetic experience !!!!! I uninstalled this app after 1 or 2 weeks only.. you can't even play the music of your own choice, and you cannot even change the music when u want! I mean wth???! They charge for everything... You have to pay for everything , huh, Lol... There are easy and free alternatives, i mean why would we use this app and pay for it..."
i cant open my spotify it only shows the logo once i click the app. it's almost a week now i hope this will get fixed
Latest version has major issues on pixel 6. Now playing no longer works only way to stop is to force close the app. Virtually unusable. How can I roll back?
"when I request for a particular album it won't play all the songs there it will just play like 5 in the albulm and start playing songs I didn't request for but of the same artist and also since I updated the app I if I search for a particular song I can't play it immediately I have too b listening to songs dat are of different artist or the same artist sometimes b4 it plays d requested song, I am tired of the app already."
I really love Spotify music
"Whenever I make a playlist, that means I want to listen to the songs I put there. Not random songs that Spotify give me and don't even let me skip"
Great UI so far
"Super buggy since the last update: doesnt show whats playing, pauses randomly, wont let me change podcast episodes, and to fix it i uninstall it and the problems come back within an episode or two. This needs to be fixed or ill have to switch to a different podcast service because its becoming unusable."
So manyyyy ads 😐😐
Honestly it's the worst music app that I've ever had on my phone it plays every song except yours you bacicaly have to have premium or you can't listen to your own songs
too much advertising during listning songs 😬
"Please change back the old insta story design, the new bold font design is so ugly. At least let us choose what design we want when sharing to insta story."
"This last update completely destroyed the app. Why do you keep adding pointless things that aren't needed? It's breaking the foundation of the app. When I play music now, it doesn't show up at the bottom of the screen or on my lock screen, it's like I never even played the song. And then after 10 minutes it just cuts out for no reason and I have to go back to the app. I can't even listen to music for no reason. Sort it out"
"This app frustrated me to the point that I cried. I want a SPECIFIC song, and I click the song only to get fifty that I either hate, or are completely unrelated. I have to wait for hours to skip to that song because I'm not paying for premium. You should at least be able to pick a certain song in a playlist, and please get rid of the random bots messing with your playlist, it basically says ""your playlist is the worst"" to your face. I made the playlist to get a specific song dude, stop!"
"Omg this new update where everything is changed, I can't select a individual song off an album or any of my playlists. This update needs to be better or completely vanish"
I used to be able to make playlists and get previews of songs suggested me but they got rid of that like how am i supost to know what song it is seriously yall needa fix this because if it isnt fixed soon im going to use a diffrent app this is ridiculous
Can't turn off shuffle
Was great until a few weeks ago? Have used the app for years but now keeps crashing everytime I open on desktop? Have tried just about every suggestion available to fix - nothing helps. Am about to cancel my subscription.
My player stopped working with the app I'll play a podcast and it stopped please fix asap
Can't figure out how to sign in to my family plan and merge both Spotify's
"the best music library streaming app ever. please DO NOT break it here we are, 2022. it's broken. the lyric engine/algorithm worked, now it's a laugh. lyrics incomplete and wrong..."
"App stability is getting worse, happens across multiple devices very frustrating."
Well I loved it at 1st... Then after trouble I had to contact you guys... 1 st few times was good then the last few times I was wondering if the folks I was talking to even had a clue... after being told twice I would have to manually download my whole list again I threatened to Terminate... Then decided to try one more time and was able to get all my songs back with ZERO HELP FROM YOUR TECH SUPPORT... I'm still in the fence about leaving...
Once again Spotify isn't working properly. Sort it!
The app has been VERY glitchy the last 2 days. A developer needs to look at it.
Blank screen with Spotify logo is appearing and nothing is happening. Uninstalled and reinstalled it but it's the same nothing changed.
"Buggy as hell. Freezes after an ad. Clean install, cache and data clean cannot make it run. Of ypu cannot write an app that works, don't offer it."
I'm having problem with purchasing. It can't be done via voucher. Fix it.
I can't play the songs I select - no matter whether I uninstall or log out and log in again. Extremely frustrating.
"I can't even open the app anymore. I've been trying to open it for the past two weeks. I tried to re-download it multiple times, but it still won't open for some reason."
"Recent update broken With this last update I have been unable to access any music. It won't play anything. It doesn't allow me to even play downloaded, or even show my music or podcasts. Fabulous, back to not sleeping well. Upset because it's been fine for years. And now that I rely on the stories and mediations to sleep, now it decides to not work at all."
Plays songs that aren't even on the the liked song playlist and just litters it with songs from genre you don't even like listening. Good luck listening to something like metal because you'll get forced to listening to love songs for lonely people.
I logged out of my account now when i open it it stays on the loading screen my wifi isnt even the issue bcs spotify lite works good
It won't play a podcast for longer than 10 minutes without stopping and I have to restart the app and it's premium
"Its really bad now, every time try to pay it always reconet over and over. Enough with spotify."
Won't play other songs after clicking the play button and I can't figure out where to turn off shuffle for my liked Playlist.
l you can't cancel the subscription it gives you the runaround and I had to cancel my debit card over it
"I like Spotify but when I use the app it tells me I have no play lists and all the play lists have nothing on them but when I use Spotify on the website I have 2 play lists and there is play lists, why is that?"
Been using spotify for 6 or 7 years and had all together a year or more of premium. Was a great app but now I'm literally getting ads every 2 songs. So I can't recommend it anymore.
"I love it on my Xbox but the mobile app is poorly formatted and impossible to use, and the limited skips an hour is bs, when you run out you can just change the song manually, and why can't you view the songs on a Playlist as a list of individuals like on xbox, the littoral console with a controller being your only way of control, that's right, the xbox version is better formatted than the mobile peice of junk."
Great way to find and listen to all types of music and get introduced to new artists. But the fact that I can't listen to the song I want to without buying the premium service is extremely annoying. If you want to ask that serves as customizable radio for yourself this is the one for you.
The best app to listen to advertisements
Why are literally all of your ads 3x louder than the songs stop
"Why this app getting worse! Songs playing and I can't see the player. I can't stop, skip, or do anything. Please fix it."
"This app is a must but the only thing I don't like it because there's too much of add. After playing one or two music ,there you can hear the sound of the add"
It works good on pc but on the phone it's garbage.... When i click to play a song it automatically shuffles to another song that i did not click on... No way you can take off the shuffle at all so i had to uninstall it...
"Good selection, not so good app."
"Haven't used this app for a very long time and I don't followed any changes, but before I was able to listen one song, I had to watch 8 (!) ads. Like 3 X 30 seconds and 5 X 15 seconds ad. The song was shorter than those ads"
"The heart button doesn't work, so I can't add songs to my liked songs"
"Recent update needs urgent bug fix!! Control bar missing, music glitches when I turn off phone screen or navigate apps, and sometimes my phone will just start playing randomly now. I don't know what you guys did, but a quick fix would be to just restore an update to last patch. Love Spotify but can't use (or want to pay for) an app like this...."
"It keeps on turning my music off as well as changing to music that's not even in my playlists. Me giving it one star might be a bit harsh but, I would like to listen to the music I choose otherwise what's the point of a playlist."
"The app isn't working on my phone anymore (Samsung A20). It was working just fine before the more recent update, but now all the playlists are empty and I can't play a single song (and no, I don't have offline mode turned on)."
"Ot was good until they started musically profiling me using radio wave brainwave frequency mindhacking devices. Now, all if the lyrics are different than the artist's and it's nerve wracking.."
You're better off paying for youtube music. There is no way to cancel your account/subscription if you forgot any credentials like a password or user name. Have sent them several emails to attempt to cancel since you can't call them but there is no way to cancel because they say they can't find my account but they are charging me for it.
"I love this app. However, recently it's been glitchy. I can't control the songs. The control features are gone. The app stops. Please fix soon."
Continuing to say no internet connection.. with full bars. All other apps working.
Spotify app has been kept abruptly freezing and unstable in my One plus 9R device. Requesting team to look into the same. It's more guess because of the recent OS update by one plus
"What's happened? I've been using Spotify for years with no problems. But now podcasts keep randomly pausing, and the control bar has disappeared so I can no longer easily play and pause, or use the sleep function. This app isn't cheap and with this reduced functionality I feel I'm getting a poor deal."
"The worst app I've ever used, ads all the time and a lot of them, six skips AN HOUR plus not being able to play any song you like you have to listen to a whole Playlist in a random order with a few songs you were actually looking for, I also constantly run into problems that span across four phones and a laptop so it isn't my device, another limitation is listening on only one device at a time and it takes a little to switch, the only thing I use it for is listening to podcasts which isn't bad"
"I always used to like this app and it was my favourite app to listen music or podcasts to, but lately I can't really download anything even though I have plenty of storage left and the app keeps on stopping. I deleted the app multiple times and restarted my phone but nothing works and after the last update everything just got worse."
"It's ok, but $10/month is too much to pay, especially knowing how little the artists actually get out of that money."
"I will only rate 5 if you include option ""Set Music As"" Ringtone, Alarm Tone and Message Alert tone. Edit: I'm lowering my rating more because it's annoying that it doesn't have option to remove a certain song directly from my playlist. I still need to get out and find the song to remove it instead of it being available when you click the 3 dots."
Worst song app because it's have an add in between of songs so worst
"This is a bad app. Resso is much better than Spotify. A song is repeated over and over again. I wanted to give it zero star, but There is no system for that. I'm uninstalling it."
All previous comments been covered. Started off brilliant under premium plan. Now ads coming fast as. I didn't pay to listen to ads & lose playlists etc. I'm canceling subscription.
The app won't even launch on my phone Just keeps showing the Spotify logo I'm disappointed
Spotify is the perfect name....spotty at best. I cant believe how many times the app plays music and sometimes it just doesnt want to. Mix that with zero phone support and fix the problem is a joke. I pay for this service for way to long now it just doesnt work at all. Ive looked at all forums and nothing has fixed the problem.
"Recently I've been having issues with my mobile app, sometimes a song will play but the profile of that song will be a different song, it's laggy. I normally fixed the issue by restarting my phone or updating my spotify app. My most annoying issue though is that I can't even open my mobile app anymore, it just leaves me on the black loading splash screen page with the green logo but never loads. It kinda sucks right now considering I pay for premium. I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 10"
"Still buggy but functional. I still see bugs that are really confusing and frustrating. Beyond that, it's alright. Shuffle doesn't work properly. Will improve rating with further bug fixes and shuffle improvement"
"I'm having the same issues as some of the last reviews, Spotify keeps pausing 3-4 times a song. It's very frustrating and I've starting using another service. Hopefully they can get this problem resolved asap."
It's bad it doesn't let you pick your own song. It's so confusing
I spoke with customer service for hours about an issue I was having and the final conclusion was that the issue was with my phone model. If you have issues that are specific to a device you should clearly market it as such if you aren't going to fix it.
It is because you don't have the right lyrics for a song
Won't show current song playing leaving one to scour the web based on lyrics! So much fun
So bad. Ads that will lag your device [S10] and will pop up and start playing random song's at random times. Try YT music and audible The programs MUST be trolling.
I don't want to give money just to listen to a specific song
Constant crash and video restarts. Instantly connects and plays last video to any Bluetooth device you are connected to
doesnt save offline to sd card properly
how do i play a songinstead of a damn playlist..... please.. tell me.... i cant figure out after about an hour
It won't even load and that's very upsetting considering I was charged for it.
"I've been a long time user of spotify and love the amount and quality of music I can use, but recently it's like I'm paying for nothing. Everytime I try to load my downloaded songs I have to close the app a couple times before it will load. I pay to have the ability to listen offline and am not getting that."
I pay for premium and lately its been very aggressive about pausing my music whether im on wifi or data. Its been happening to alot of people ive talked to as well. Please fix it
New update and a new problem comes up!! Now i can't search for my playlists! Can't queue properly. Uninstalled and reinstalled and it's crashed three times on chromecast in 20 minutes! You guys really are total idiots. And now artists tracks are missing. Utterly useless.
I enjoy listening to my music in Spotify but it's kind of dumb to listen to your songs and get an ad interruption durning a song other wise I would've rate a 5 but I give you 3 rating it could be better
"Used for a year, and it's better than Pandora, however.. Missing the most basic feature, play history. This is why I refuse to pay. I use Pandora and Spotify to discover new music, and when I can't look up who just played, whats the point really? Edit: Still broken."
"You guys should add JPop to the main genres on the menu, just as you've added Kpop."
This app is so hard to navigate on phone if I click a a song a have liked it goes to didn't song I never heard or it might play a demo of the song that is dumb it should play the song
App doesn't even open! Uninstalled it and re downloaded it and nothing still not working !
On my galaxy s22 this app is unreliable at best. Podcasts drop off or the app crashes and I can't stop the track and Spotify doesn't remember were I was inside of the podcast. It's not usable.
"Endless issues, stops and/or starts without any reason, plays episodes I didn't request. Frequently stops and won't play at all. It's the worst of all the podcast players I use - I only use it because I can't get Rogan anywhere else. If it wasn't for Joe Rogan and the Dark Horse podcast, I'd dump it in a heartbeat and never miss it."
"Nothing. After I registered and pay premium mini I can't play or add, open profile of my account. How it this even possible? Plus daily mox from Spotify aslo marked as empty"
"Very spotty servers, laggy mobile and desktop apps that crash and hang with no explaination despite top tier hardware. Catalog shrinking due to political and copywrite nonsense."
This is the worst podcast player. Everything is harder than it should be.
It was a ok app didn't have it that long was use to pandora music playing guess I will try it again some day
"I have good internet connection , but system keep saying that im not connected Whats wrong with this ? I have same problem everytime i need to buy a premium please fix"
It takes so long just to download
Ok so here's the deal Spotify has this new update where they add there recommended songs on there...this is a problem because you come to Spotify yo listen to your Playlist and the music you like now all you here on YOUR Playlist is songs you don't know and can't sing along to...the only way to get rid of it is by adding at least 15 songs to your Playlist! So me being like ok I did so...for awhile everything was good but the Spotify kept playing songs that I didn't add! USELESS!!!
"Long time user. Lately it's been full of glitches. Can't control the app, it always says Spotify is trying to play, it randomly pauses whatever you're listening to every few minutes. It's almost unusable right now. Its a shame because it's been my go to for so long 😕"
I love this app but when i try to listen to my fav song it puts something else that's why i am giving you 1 star make it ok please
Easy to use enyable and entertainable
"It works only when you open it, it's getting hard to use."
"I don't know if it is just my headphones, my device, or the app but it only makes the background sound and the shouting audible, but the melody in the songs doesn't play at all. If this problem is fixed I will rate 5 stars."
"30 mins 1-2 ads (pc), 10 mins 3 ads (android/ios)"
Every time i wanna play a song. It plays the wrong song that i dont like. Please fix this
"Amazing for music. Glitchy and extremely unreliable for podcasts. Please fix it asap, Premium doesn't feel very premium anymore. Edit: One year later and the issue remains. 2 star becomes 1 star."
I've used spotify for years and have payed for premium for a few years now. Recently the app has started skipping and cutting the music like a broken record. The problem stops when my phone screen is either unlocked or at least on. I've tried all of the recommended fixes online. None of them have worked. If the problem persists I will be canceling my premium subscription.
"Does whatever it wants, it's easily the worst of the apps similar to it. It turns podcasts on or off at will and changes the podcast mid episode and loses its place which can be annoying to go back and track down where you left off. All this especially since 99% of the time I'm using the app while driving. Not a fan but I got a prompt to review the app so here it is."
"This is probably just a personal experience, but I've reinstalled the app three times, restarted my phone, and cleared the cache twice but the app won't work. It will open and just show me the logo. I'm not even given the option to sign in."
Ever time I try to listen to a certain song it always play something different.
"After few minues of installing the app, and after I opened it, I was surprised by the ammount of restrictions that you add to the app, to a level that you maked it dead. It is like someone is in a prison or detention. I hate how you put the users in this situation to pay premium which is not accepted. Although, if you would like to make the app better, at least show how it is cool and useful for at least the first few days, then I might think if maybe I would like to purchase the premium."
The fact that the sometimes you can't end group session and needing to reinstall it every time is cancer. Because of that sometimes the reinstalled app can't open. You can't even do a damn group session on the desktop like bro it's 2022 how badly advance do you want it to be.
"Love the app, but somehow now it doesn't show me audio controls for podcasts. Meaning I can't pause, skip, go back, or whatever. :/"
"I got Spotify premium but why can't I click the shuffle button multiple times, now it just starts nd pauses the song. Plz fix its annoying"
Spotify podcast suck so much a**. The absolute only reason I use it is to occasionally listen to Rogan... unfortunately it barely works. Spotify should gtfo of podcast because they can't even make a reliable podcast player... POS.
"My playlists are not on spotify mobile so I can't do anything on it. Linked account on laptop, etc work fine. Only mobile. 1 star."
Too many advertisements. Had to listen to 10 advertisements in a row before finally listening to some music
"Play bar disappears and you cannot skip or pause playing episode, only way it comes back is with a force close."
"You guys are making this app worst day by day. You need to understand what the users demand. Just don't think about your so called business. For example, today I was playing my liked song and it jumped into another playlist. And now I can't even change the song or playlist. What the heck is this?"
Why you added that hiding feature? Because it sucks when I want to unhide any song!
"Love this app, however there is a bug where the player is not showing and its becoming really annoying."
My music keeps stopping for no reason. The web player for computers is way better than the app.
You have to buy premium for the app to work correctly
Downloaded episodes don't play without internet. What's the point
"Moved to Deezer after constant skipping of tracks or restarting then , plus random shut down ..just because you are the largest streaming company does not mean you can provide a substandard app to your paying customer's, I would advise not starting a payment subscription right now as these issues have been going on for months , my subscription is now cancelled and I've moved to Deezer which is a far superior streaming service ."
"I would have rated it 5 but the lyrics in songs are in tht(ex.korean,telugu) language only i mean english too and I took subcription of a week and it just wont let me see the download option😓"
"These new updates suck Are you going to fix the offline mode, because when i dont have data i want to open my downloaded playlist, an all i get is a black screen, i shouldnt need more data to play something that is already downloaded. For now im going to cancel my suscription, i dont want to live with this again, ill try youtube music"
"Has been bugging out recently. Won't show what I'm playing, will randomly stop, isn't keeping track of playlists"
It's pretty cool I like it but too much ads and lyrics in songs are wrong but still I like it
When I try to watch a podcast using Spotify on my t.v it won't show me the image
"Echoing the feedback from other premium users - the app was working perfectly fine until a few months ago. Now podcasts and music pause without obvious reasons, and some of the buttons disappear randomly. It's really frustrating."
"Covid spam, crashing, hard to navigate. Takes forever to load list of episodes. No fast forward. Buy premium to skip song lol."
The hell is wrong with Spotify. It always play the wrong music
Why can't I use the app for a few days now? I tried uninstalling installing. Even rebooting my phone and yet nothing happens. I need to stream.
"Hi, I changed my account to 2 accounts, the monthly fee went up but the changes didn't happen, when you don't do your job properly, how do you expect to receive the fee?"
"I really don't understand how one of the biggest music apps on the planet can be this buggy. Frequently missing the ""now playing"" tab at the bottom of the app, which means all controls (skip, pause, etc) are missing. Randomly says ""no internet connection"" while clearly connected to the internet and streaming. If you search for a song and play it, then let it autoplay similar songs afterwards, you can't go back and listen to the original song without backing out and selecting the song again."
It's not opening. The app isn't opening
"Was good at one point. A very long time ago. Now just fluffs its own playlists with fake artists. Spotify has discovered its more profitable to pay themselves than it is to pay actual people, and has stuffed its playlists with fluff to smother out actual artists. Couple this with the horrible death spiral that is Daily Mixes (read: same 25 songs you heard yesterday, plus all the songs you tapped ""block"" on- in case you changed your mind) and also F ""car thing"". I have a stereo but yall ruined it"
There is some bug that does not allow the songs to be played in the order it shows in the playlist. Please fix this
I have premium but it still wont let me download songs for some reason
App will not load just flashing Spotify symbol and no customer support to fix it. I've had it since Google music stopped 2 years ago. I've loved Spotify since but for the past week the app won't load. I've uninstalled and installed 90 times but still won't load. Spotify needs custom service and support. You don't value our money or membership if you can't provide that much
"it is a great app but it has a skip limit time now and it does not have the shuffle button anymore it does it automatically and if I click on a song it takes me to a different song that is not the one I chose, I will like to listen to my playlist in pieces 😤"
"It's a good app, but I don't like how you have to get premium to unshuffle your playlists."
Love the app when it's working. I'm paying 10 bucks a month for something to crash every 15 min and I've been waiting for over a month for it to be fixed and it's not the app timer cause I checked. If it's not fixed soon I'll find and pay for another service cause dealing with this for 10 hours a day while I'm at work is ridiculous.
"Worst designed app I've ever used. Takes ages to load downloaded content, or to download content at all. Every page seems to take way too long to load. Get any other player."
"Great when it works, but crashes 30% of the time I try to use it, need to restart my phone just to get it to work again."
"I've seen worse UI and UX work on other apps, but not many."
"The app start to crash very often, at this point it doesn't start anymore."
"Premium user for 7 years but the app just does not work anymore! The play button is missing, and the app just stops working every 30 seconds when on mobile data!! What am I even paying for at this point? Even when the songs are downloaded and I am ""offline""!! And you can't speak with a human about these issues, there is no telephone number!! Soooooo disappointed 😞. Im also looking into other music options now"
It's won't shuffle the songs I have in my library or my liked songs. Since the update it won't shuffle the songs.
"*UPDATE* Still no response re my emails. So disappointed. Time to cancel services I think. The status band from the bottom of the screen is gone. I can't pause, skip forward or back etc and it makes navigating the app frustratingly difficult. I have emailed a help request twice now with no response. I've uninstalled and reinstalled. I've logged out and back in. Still nothing. For an app I pay a premium price for I would think somebody would interested in resolving the issue."
HiFi promised by the end of 2021 yet still not available. All competitors have HiRes music and most have spacial audio. Spotify is so far behind the competition at this point. Can't wait to cancel.
Hlo Sir I am Spotify user sir I request your premium plan on payment method in play store i requested you pls open the service in play store payment pls i humble request
Constant problems with this app for 2 straight years. All that money and can't put out a good app that simply works...
"First of all i have it for like 1year now and it super works but rights now It didn't let me in i tried to uninstall it but it still didn't, pls fix this"
"Since you've updated this app, it no longer connects to the dedicated Spotify app on my Pioneer Head unit, only through the phones Bluetooth. This has been proven by people uninstalling and reinstalling an older version though an apk install. Please fix. Zero interest from Spotify brings this down to one star due to lack of any customer service."
There is no option to download single song. Download is available for full album Only. So add icon to download one by one song.
After using Spotify premium for 3 months it's nice but if you don't pay for it you will have a hell of a time doing anything on the app.
"Do not buy premium. You still get ads for podcasts. It is not the podcasts' ads, they are supplemental ads that go straight to spotify. On top of that, they have overoptimized this just like every other app. Convenient to switch from car play to non car play, only problem is the floating button is placed right over the play button for a song or album. These overlooked problems are everywhere. Buttons on top of buttons, settings not saving, network not updating. I cant justify $9.99/month anymore"
"Spotify is a nice app and I like it very much but all of a sudden the songs in my playlist aren't visible and there are only names of the songs. I can't order the songs in the way that I want and I can't see what song is next. I deleted Spotify and installed it again but it didn't work, I also cleared chache but that still did nothing."
"I have to uninstall and reinstall this app every few days. Podcasts just randomly stop playing, even if I've downloaded them. Annoying."
It always tells me I am offline. I know I'm not because all my other apps work fine.
Awful app and service. No longer paying for premium as spotify simply does not work!
"Terrible really. Slow to load menus, searches, library. Sometimes it wont even load my saved songs for minutes forcing me to restart the app. Even worse if it's in offline mode. Often just stops playing randomly and has to be reset to work again. Terrible app"
Whenever I randomly open the app (randomly) it just keeps stopping and I don't know why tap on a podcast another song starts playing.... It's not that my phone lags or something else but no my phone is brand new and about about my connection then I really have a very strong connection.... I uninstalled and reinstalled it but still same problem. It was making me sick.... I really hope that the developers see this issue and fix it..
Since one and half hour i cant open app. it's not opening. why?
Had a login on my Spotify so I changed the password and logged out of all accounts and it let me log back in on my laptop but for some reason it's just stuck on the logo screen on my phone and a lot of other people have that problem if they log out. Not really sure what to do. I uninstalled it and restarted my phone and it didn't work either.
"Absolutely perfect except for the fact that (without Premium) I can only replay songs from my personal playlists on my tablet. However, I can replay my songs that are on my daily mixes ;) Recently, however, Spotify has been messing with my phone. I know it is spotify because when I uninstall it, the stuff stops. Spotify, please stop pausing and skipping my music, stop pausing my YouTube videos and not letting me play them. Stop playing your music at random times when the app isn't even open."
Bad. For some strange reason my app is not working. I switched to premium and now the app just starts and shuts. Don't know if this issue is connected with my mobile or otherwise. Looking forward to hear from the technical team of Spotify thanks..
App crashes constantly
Usually my go-to app for music but it won't stay open on my pixel 6. I've had to reinstall twice in 2 days.
"I have purchased premium subscription to avoid ""ads"" but no use,waste of money,I am frustrated by ads....please don't waste ur money.....developers make improvement...other wise no use"
I'm a premium user and can say this app is so buggy it's insane while listening to podcasts they constantly restart and i have to try and figure out where I left off because when it does restart it also marks the entire podcast as played so you have no clue where you left off on top of that since the new update i can't access what is actually playing on the app at all it doesn't even say I'm listening to anything and I'm unable to pause unless i close the app fix it I'm sick of paying for broken
"Navigating Podcasts is such a hassle. You scroll down a podcast, find a podcast and add it to your playlist. Then it goes right to the top. So you have to scroll down again."
The amount of Ads after listening to 15 minutes of music is getting frustrating. I'm a free user but I feel like I'm bombarded with ads.
"why did the shuffle option change when you listen one of your playlists ? it just sucks, the same songs play on repeat and you juste have to skip them MULTIPLE TIMES when you could just skip them once before, and just go on with your 45h of songs. Also the linked songs in the radio are the same that are already in my playlists, yeah I like them but what I wanted was discover new ones... and if you want to remove them from radio because you already know them it just delete them from your playlist"
"couldve been a good app if it werent so restricting. its decent in windows, but in mobile? god, this app is the worst. too much lag, needs premium for everything, and plays random songs you dont put in your playlist. you cant loop a song in mobile either."
I didn't like/ I don't like the automatic update! & now (without premium) how to one song on repeat?! This new update/new version 8.7.44.968 is Sucks!😡
Terrible app. Can't even play the song you want. When I click a song it plays something entirely different. You can't do anything about it unless you have premium or you use a computer
"7/7/22 - The app had been working fine for a while, but is now suffering from the Samsung/Android issue. The playing now bar doesn't show up and the app stops playing randomly in the middle of songs and podcasts. 1/13/21 ‐ I've been using Spotify for about a year now (with a paid account) but recently the app has stopped playing anything. Will definitely cancel my service and uninstall if it continues."
"Used to work great until the last update. Now their is no option to pause or resume music or podcast. The only way to pause is to completely close the app. This really sucks Spotify, as a premium customer I should have an option to pause not close the entire app. Please fix this!!!!"
It's annoying when it crashes suddenly. Not that frequent but often enough to be annoying.
"This software is really terrible. I can't get rid of the ""currently playing"" item and I can't get the sort to play podcasts starting at season 1 episode 1. How in the world can sucg basic software be so bad."
can't open the app suddenly. I tried uninstalling it but it's the same after reinstalling again.. I'm stuck at the logo.
There's a glitch. I have to Uninstall and install the app. Sometimes when I press play. The player doesn't show
I love using it but damn I can't freely pick songs that i want to listen without shuffeling So it makes me frustrated. 😐
After last update i can't forward podcasts via Bluetooth or on mobile app
"I can longer have my Spotify play on my phone if I have it open on my computer, I have to close the app on my computer or else it will just kick me off the app on my phone"
Spotify continues to play my music or podcast but won't show the media bar to pause play or skip my songs
"Poor, music stops randomly , bar dissapears, what's going on??? Think it's time to look at rivals"
"Since last update the queue system is broken only lets you add one song to a queue and will frequently bug out and hide controls for currently playing podcasts and makes it impossible to pause it from the app. I dont know how you managed to ruin your qrues system more the YouTube music buy this is embarrassing, if this isn't fixed by next billing date I'll be forced to move platforms so that I can actually listen to my music and podcasts"
"For more than a week now i an unable tobdownload Spotify app on my Samsung A51. I have been in touch with the technical department and have done all the measures one can perform to fix the issue like deleting data n cache, clearing up storage and memory uninstall and reinstall thousands of time. Spotify could not rectify the issue at all and then wanted me to participate in their service suvey.....rubbing salt over wounds...Its not free, i am paying for their service...feel cheated by spotify"
You podcast experience sucks please fix it and don't put adds on an app that I pay for
"I can't even load the app anymore. I have a gig of free storage, so that's not it. I have had this problem for the past 3 weeks on or off wi-fi."
"Can not back to the previous song and when try to back the latest song is play, bad experience."
"Whenever I try to play or choose a song, the ones who show up are different I'd like to get that fixed."
The app doesn't work.When i open app i see just spotify logo and it doesn't go
"Unless you plan on getting a subscription, don't bother. I had to listen to 2 minutes worth of ads after every 3 songs."
Trash podcast player. Crashed constantly mid podcast and have to close app and restart to try and finish listening. Garbage plain and simple.
"Been using it for years, it's always been buggy and has gotten much worse lately. Quits playing in the middle of songs. Quits playing in the middle of podcasts. Doesn't realize it's currently playing a song or podcast. The podcast library and list are so inferior, no reasonable sorting algorithms or ability to manually put your podcasts in order. Yes, I'm even a paid subscriber with a family plan 🤦‍♂️"
Great quality sound. Many problems with app.
"When I play my fave song, then the other song will play"
"Buggy to the point that I'm considering switching services. Restarting the app is now a ritual of being a user. Wasn't always like this, only the past few months. Whatever the case, dev team has shown little signs of a fix coming any time soon..."
"Everything's great except when i m going to buy premium it keep on saying ""cant connect to my internet"" when my internet is doing just fine with other applications. It hapens so many time at this point. And the update doesn't change anything, it still says the same thing...."
"The songs will not show in created playlists, only the artists. Also won't work with searching. Was fine on my tablet but just installed it on my new phone for convenience and was very disappointed."
I can't open the app this is trash
"I don't see the control screen for podcasts anymore. It keeps playing in the background and there's absolutely no way to even pause or stop it other than force closing the app. This wasn't the case until today (July 07, 2022)."
"Stopped working. Uninstalled, installed new still won't load. Either stuck on logo or black screen"
This app only let's me skip a few times and I can't add the song I want anymore so 1 star
"It is the best app that I have on my phone!! I can listen to my fav music and also make my own playlist so my friends can listen. Though, it has some problems. I dont like how I choose a song and it plays another song that is totally different from the song I chose. I also dont like it when I cant repeat the song I just listened. There is also a bug ive been experiencing lately. It always shows the spotify logo on the screen when I use my phone. Its a great app though:)"
"While listening to my playlists the app will randomly divert to a number of songs ""based"" on what I was listening to.. if I wanted to listen to random songs I would chose to do so this has recently cause my previous rating to drop from a 5 stars to 3 stars If the development team could answer this in a timely manner it may be appreciated 👍"
"So it's a wonderful app, but it glitches often. I have to uninstall, then reinstall every couple of weeks."
"I can't see the control to skip, pause, stop music, etc. Please fix this!"
This is an extraordinary app.......i would love to get premium but.... only limited platforms for payments are available.....nowadays even non popular sites give a lot of platforms......it would be more convenient if you have Google pay...... please take in note of my request ( only for that reason I've given 3 stars ....or would be giving 5💖😀)
Can't play music only plays 2 song then stops 😑
"Thing i really hate that when i try to listen to a song there's always like 10 random songs, and i can't even Skip all of them, like please just let me listen to the song 🤦🏻‍♀️"
"Was a great app until a week ago, for some reason it stopped working. All of my liked songs disappeared and won't play any music. I tried updating it, uninstalling it and re-downloading it but nothing works. I'll have to go back to pandora if it doesn't get fixed. Plz help"
I don't like it a lot when I want to play a song anotjer song pops up
I'm rating this 2 stars whenever I keep skipping the song that is NOT in my playlist its still keeps letting me listen to another song that isn't in my playlist its quite annoying.. It's just I can't buy the premium but I want to listen to my own playlist so please fix it.
"My Spotify does not work if I use wifi it shows ads but doesn't let me choose the song to play as there is no ""internet connection"" I am not able to listen to my podcasts and am very dissatisfied with the app. I deleted the app and reinstalled it and now I can't even login. What a great app!"
"I am so angry at Spotify! On mobile, whenever I'm trying to listen to a song, it plays something else and it makes the one song I wanted to listen to a playlist with a bunch of other songs! I am so pissed and I am uninstalling the app now 🤬"
Please fix I pay for premium but it keeps pausing and stopping.. option to play next song is not even there!!!!
An app that can't play a song we like for free at the time we want is useless
"Frequently force close and current play button is missing, both in app and in my phone notification (also lock screen?."
"It won't even start anymore, It will go to the standard black screen with logo, go black for a moment and then go back to that screen untill my phone tells me the app isn't responding. I have reinstalled the app, checked for updates, restarted my phone, it works fine on pc and others, other people have had this issue before, so fix your app please"
I don't know when the last update was but I have a lot of issues with whatever is being played just suddenly stopping. The player itself looks different or won't even show what's playing. Something is weird.
"After the latest update it keeps glitching, sometimes it doesnt work at all, and stopped working on my android auto,tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still does the same"
"It worked fine for the first few weeks and stopped playing under WiFi connection, it's stupid"
"I used to love this app. It was the only place I got my podcasts and music but recently it either stops whenever it wants to or it won't stop without me uninstalling it. It also starts to play a playlist then plays a random song not on any of my playlists?!?! I have a premium account and am seriously thinking about cancelling it, it annoys me so much! Sort the problems Spotify!!! It can't just be me?!?!"
Worst aapi search the songs but another song is playing
I cannot even listen to the music in my playlist
"Has been a great app, but recently it's been glitchy AF. Even very simple tasks like pausing what I'm listening to, has been too much for it 😑"
It randomly will play the podcast without the bar used to pause or skip so I am forced to close the app. It constantly pushes my phone's connection to my PC even though I haven't connected the device (device not even avalible when I am on PC) but yet the podcast I was last litening to gets loaded and I loose what ever music I was listening to on my PC. Don't even get me started on all the issue with Google maps app integration which makes for unsafe driving! Please contact me for more info!
The problem is that I'm trying to listen to my music but on phone there is no way to stop the randomized song option which chooses from your Playlist which doesn't sad to bad until you notice that they also added songs so play instead of your music and I've spent an hour deleting music off my Play list that I didn't even add and after I finished they added more songs so basically what I'm saying is is that I can't even listen to the songs I like when using this app
"These are issues that has gotten worse over the last few months. App continuously runs in background even when closed, and will randomly start playing. Or, app will refuse to close. App will ""forget"" what I have been listening to when I pause and switch to another app."
"I was logged back into Spotify, but someone rubbish named Mick D was not taken off my home section because I had previously selected it by mistake. Please can you remove it? ❌❌❌❌❌ Stormzy ⭐❌❌❌❌ Party Rock Anthem ⭐⭐❌❌❌ AC/DC"
"Glitchy app, could be a lot more user friendly. But good library of songs if you can deal with finesse'ing your way around it from time to time"
This app is great and all but the fact that one can't stop shuffle if on a free account is annoying..Also why does it play recommended songs without asking...
Lots of ads at every 2nd song avg
"When I save my music to sd card, the whole app becomes unresponsive. Please tune the app so that, it only keeps the downloaded music to the sd card and cache files in the phone memory"
"Had to reinstall the app as it won't let me download songs, I'm on premium. Now the new installation won't even open. Nothing but issues ever since it updated. Please fix."
Very poor for a paid service. -The music frequently stops for a few seconds -Play/pause and skip button disappears -The shuffle function favours like 20 songs I will be contacting spotify for atleast a partial refund.
"It got even worse somehow. Now the app closes or crashes every 5 minutes, like clockwork, so I can't listen to ANYTHING"
It won't even open it's just kept loading and loading
Playbar disappears on regular basis. Should be fixed.
Worst app ever I just purchased premium membership and now I can't use wifi to do anything in the app always showing no internet connection. My other apps are doing fine with wifi I've been using apple music for about 2 years and I've never face this issue I am so disappointed. Please check yourself before pay for premium.
"Its great! My issue is it isn't available in all countrues, N i wish if we could download and listen offline"
Why cant i get a premium? It has been 6 months since i got a premium but why cant i get now? Is this a bug or malfunction?
Your better off listening to music on YouTube because then at least you may actually be able to pick what song you want to play on a playlist instead of it forceing it to being random every time and sometimes it'll play stuff that's not even on your playlist and the only way to skip it is to have premium or use one of your six skips for the day. The only reason I'm keeping it is to keep track of which songs I actually like so that way I can listen to them on YouTube. would not use again
"Pc version which I used on a tablet was absolutely amazing but the mobile version is dogshit, can't even pick a specific song to play and I can only skip 6 times? Retared system which makes me want to drink bleach."
The ads are ridiculous!!! I'm a free listener and every two songs there is 5 commercials and it's dumb so I am going to stop using this app!!!!!!!!!
"Should section off playlist we created from added playlists. It constantly disconnect me from facebook and my friends isn't visible or updated. Even when my friends are visible, what they are playing isn't updated. The songs that isn't English, example japanese or chinese have reduced significantly.. Even english ones are no exception."
"Would rate better if I could choose the songs I'd actually want to listen to, the Xbox/Tablet/Web client are all far better than this junk."
"I don't know if this is a glitch, but I can't even choose the song I want to play when I want to listen to my playlist. It just plays some random song. I tried to play lofi music to relax and it played We Don't Talk About Bruno. Its kinda annoying that I have a small chance it'll ACTUALLY play the song I want. I'm still gonna keep trying though. I also keep getting ads for period pads which is kinda gross 🤨"
My spotify took too long to open. I tried clearing the data and cache but it still doesn't work and operate. Pls help fix this.
Stopps playing for no apparent reason. No more dropdown comands. Its still buggy which is kind off incredible for such a big company. Shame
I ain't gonna buy premium try putting as much as advertisements u want!
I recently purchased Spotify premium and after my subscription was over I canceled it cause I didn't need it anymore but after that it logged me out of my account and won't let me log back in or reset my password
This is good app and easy to use
It's bad in the sense because it provide all benefits just in the paid version. I mean to say some benefits also provide to the free version.
At first the app is good but now I can't play the full songs and the format has change which is very confusing. Plus it only plays the preview lol
Constantly cuts out podcasts and only shows playing song about half the time good for music but alot of bugs
"This ""intuitive"" app is worthless. The only good thing is its library, and its barely that. Update: still worthless. 7/7/2022"
Its not opening after many try of re installing
"When o open it, it just stuck on the logo."
"You should be glad i rated this 2 stars. Why? Because i made a playlist and random songs keep playing, i literally have like 10+ songs in my playlist and i didn't hear any of them, Please..Fix it. also When I listen to songs they just randomly stop, Kindly fix yhe bugs^^ thanks"
"Not reliable enough to pay for. If you're willing to put up with crashes and times where it just won't open, fine. Just don't pay for it expecting the paid subscription to change anything; it doesn't."
Inappropriate and irrelevant advertising that isn't kid friendly.
Worst app .. With 10 minutes music and lots of ads
The app won't let you access the music and podcasts you've already downloaded to your phone when there is no service. What's the point of downloading them to your phone if you can't listen to them offline?
"I love Spotify and all the music it brings me, but recently I've experienced trouble using the lock screen widget (it no longer exists), so I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, now the app won't even open!"
"Yeah, apparently, you can got ""hacked"" here. People can add songs to your ""liked song"" without confirmation."
"Love the app, but the player bar on the bottom frequently disappears, leaving podcasts continually running without a way to control them unless I force stop & re-open the app. Will rate 5 stars when fixed."
Keeps putting a push in my notification area even though I blocked notifications. Uninstalled. Play Music is much better anyway.
"App takes forever to load...like over 1 min. Program is very slow to start playing, but works after. Don't know if it is because it is downloading songs or if it is a memory hog. I have my songs on an SD card."
"I overall enjoy Spotify because I can download with premium. Sadly I can't play it on my phone right now because my phone updated and Spotify just has empty playlists and nothing works. It says I'm not connected to the internet and I am. I have done everything imaginable including deleting it, logging out, Etc and nothing is worked to fix it. I don't know if this is the phone update issue or Spotify hasn't caught up to the updates yet."
"Spotify has been extremely buggy on my Samsung S22+. The biggest problem is when I open Spotify, whatever was last playing or is currently playing is not displayed in the player. It's just missing. Closing and reopening Spotify used to fix that. Lately it will persist through attempts to fix it. Has a lot of problems accessing ""offline"" content I specifically downloaded to listen to when offline. Displaying wrong dates shows were last updated 😕 Fix this buggy app!"
"My Spotify is not opening... When i open it, it only shows the Spotify icon Please rectify this problem"
This is just disgusting...I mean I can't listen any of my favourite songs without premium accounts!why?this is not done..If you want to listen songs for free then this is not a good app for that...toooo disappointing
They would add their songs to MY PLAYLIST! I can't make a playlist without having songs I didn't put on it on.
If used properly. A great app to share with YOUR family and friends
The app stopped working and will not open past the logo screen. Have tried everything for days and still can't even login.
"I have a Samsung a10e and one day my Spotify app stop working it keeps saying that something went wrong try again I tryed everything even signed out and back in the app but nothing, I tryed to clear my data and everything and nothing i love using the app but I can't use it because of this it keeps saying stop working and something went wrong try again even when I try to go on my playlist or try to listen to music it keeps saying it idk if it's a bug but I hope it gets fixed soon."
This app has been acting up lately pausing for long periods during podcasts and won't play via Bluetooth in my car. Also will play the same ad over and over and I'm unable to skip through it and get back to whatever I was listening to. I've had to Uninstall and re install numerous times the past few weeks. Please fix!
"The app logged me out of my account, I've had to update my password and now the app stays on a screen with the logo and won't open at all. I have uninstalled and downloaded again and updated and it won't open."
"Charged me for 3 months after I canceled my subscription, and would only refund 1 month. No customer service to phone, shotty online support. Not impressed"
Way too many ads
I can't open the app anymore since I updated it.
"I used to love this app. I pay for the premium version. With the latest update I can no longer pause, rewind or fast forward."
Not Working its showing only black screen
Keeps pausing on playback.
We couldn't even download any music for free
It wouldn't go past the loading screen even after trying to restart my device and uninstalling and reinstalling the app.
The play and pause button are not coming on.
Not displaying current song being played. Can't use on multiple devices at the same time.
So now this app disappeared from my phone and won't install
The ads are too long..
Premium is worth it. Its trash commercials over and over again if you don't pay for Premium.
"This app has been terrible the last few months. It stops randomly, you can't stop things playing without force closing the app, and the play bar disappears regularly. When is any of this getting fixed? This is a paid app, not a free one. There's no point any more. I'm taking my business elsewhere."
Play/Pause bar missing. Songs will stop playing by themselves. Have uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times in 3 days. Fixes the problem for a few hours then the glitches start again
Have been paid but can't work
"The only reason i have spotify is for the joe rogan experience and its almost not worth it the app co stantly crashes, changes what im listening to the way it works is trash i have to uninstall and re install this stupid app at least twice a month i ho estly cant believe people pay for this trash"
Could the app be any more glitchy. Also if you could crash a little more than 2 to 3 times a day. That would be great. Thanks
I don't like this app cuz I play bad liar it open a wrong sound😢
"This music service itself is great, but the app is so poorly implemented. Every other update, something breaks and I have to downgrade it. (potential security risk)."
Best free music streaming app ever!
The music is great and it has great sound quality but i had 11 ads in a row. I usually don't mind two or three ads but 11 ?? seriously? this is unacceptable. Please do something abt it thank you.
"It great and all, a good amount of adds but 6 skips per hour? THATS STUPID, I CANT LISTEN TO MY FAV SONGS AND ONE OF THEM DONT SING THE EXACT SONG. And STOP adding songs to my playlist!!! Your ruining it!!!!"
You can't listen to a song with out going on a Playlist and you can't start over the song
Stop putting songs in my playlist
"Having an issue where the app hides the ability to skip, pause and so on."
The app is great. But I don't like how the playlist has to be shuffled. What if I want to listen to a particular song? I can only skip 6 times an hour. I really dislike that.
Multiple ads every 10 minutes.
Sometimes my spotify plays random music not in ny playlist
Constantly crashes. Won't resume the podcast I was listening to. Instead starts a random episode. Almost impossible to use.
Garbage. Crashes all the time. Downloaded music doesn't play without signal. I'm going back to SoundCloud
Deleted my account and still charged me for subscription that is so unfair and now I can't even unsubscribe
"So now we can't fast forward or rewind anything we are listening to? What happened to the little bar to do that with? Also even after the new update it still does not allow you to select the next track from the lock screen like a pop-up window. U have to fully unlock the phone to change the track, please fix issue it is very annoying having to unlock the phone to change the music."
Why are commercials being played in the middle of songs? Trash music app
"I pay for Premium and the app always shuts down on it's own in the middle of a song or podcast and then when you open the app back up, it doesn't have the option to pause or play so to stop whatever is playing you have to close out of the app. I contacted customer service, they told me the only way to ""fix"" it is to uninstall the app and redownload it. This happens multiple times a week, nearly every day. What am I actually paying for?!"
Intermittent audio on all devices using Samsung phones (2 different models) and different BT devices. I uninstalled Spotify and then reinstalled. So far so good. Spotify remembered my library so l am happy l didn't have to recreate. Spotify: Why don't you have a user note about this issue. Enough people are having the same problem.
I just can't understand how it works He doesn't give the song when I ask for it He puts a lot of songs in front of me and I can't get over it 💀
"Its a nice app for listening to music but half the time it will play ""suggested songs"" if i wanted to listen to those songs i would listen to them but i want to listen to the playlist not those songs"
I can never get it to play my playlist if I try and click on it it will play music close to it and I didn't want that I've been trying so hard on the mobile app and it just sucks please fix it it's super annoying and I am never downloading this app ever again I do not recommend
Stop telling me I might like podcasts. They. All. Suck.
5 stars WHEN it works. So glitchy following the latest updates- widget doesn't work; randomly stops playing; no control bar; can't stop or pause play without exiting app entirely; sometimes available for car sometimes not.
"Whenever I open my Spotify it just freezes the moment where the logo shows up and becomes unresponsive at all. I tried unistalling it many times, cleared my caches, freed up some space on my phone and it still doesn't respond and just freezes the moment the logo shows up when you open the app. I logged out on my Spotify and it just happened all of a sudden, I'm disappointed."
"Worked perfectly until I started paying This app worked perfectly for years until I decided to try the free trail. Now my control bar has disappeared, my played podcasts are coming up as unplayed, I've lost podcasts I was subscribed to. I won't be renewing my subscription if the premium doesn't even work"
App sucks and non functional. Monthly payments for this BS! If I'm paying money for something it should always be functional and bug free
Please add the ability to play your whole playlist and not have to shuffle to different songs and add the ability to play your whole playlist on Alexa devices through the Alex skill please thank you so much.
It would be nice if it wasn't literally north korea on there
"Good app, doesn't let me unhide songs for some reason"
App won't open on my new phone.
Pausing- app is broken and keeps stopping. The pause/play/skip bar is missing. I've uninstall and reinstalled and still no difference. Time to cancel premium
New update has problems with pausing and continuing play
"When trying to listen to downloaded music offline the app endlessly buffers when you select your library, very frustrating."
my spotify is not working
I can't even use the app. It loads up just the symbol then sits there and goes no where idk what the problem is and none of the trouble shooting tactics are working. I've payed for premium so shouldn't I get to use the F-ing app. I would do 0 outta 5 if I could.
App won't reflect my playlists. Has been updated. Won't let me update my screen name either. No available support for these issues either. Remind me why I pay for premium again?!
UPDATED: the recent Android version is very buggy. Random pausing and display errors with the player not showing so you can't interact with the song requiring a hard close/open. Seems to be a common new complaint
"Despite force stops, restarts and reinstalls, persistent problems of a disappearing play bar and playback randomly stopping. I recently got a Samsung phone and apparently this is a known problem. Please fix or I'll take my money elsewhere!"
Completely bugged after update
"Wrong direction, this last update was the worst in several years. Broke all sorts of things in the Android app experience!"
Not good l can't listen offline why can you make it possible
"The app keeps asking me to connect my devices(assume this is for data harvesting), why do I need to connect my device if it is already paired over BT? Debating on cancelling my membership and uninstalling if thos prompt persists."
"Wish I could rate this junk lower. Garbage app, pauses, fails to load sometimes, full of ads, freezes, limited revenue for artists, trashy interface etc."
Mobile app is rather good but on wearOS the app is very limited. I can't even search for anything.
Stopped working after the most recent update won't even open 4 out of 5 times the one to two times it does open I get a blank screen the next time it opens I can't get into my library. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it twice I still can't get it to play every time I open it. As of July 1st 2022
Stop showing these BTS ads in background
If there is a way to sort downloaded songs by artist that would catch you guys up with 15 year old music players. Also can you manage to show album art properly for a whole week straight? And the now playing bar doesn't always show up now and whatever is causing that also keeps me from controller music with my car or earbuds. Just don't be trash for 3 months straight. Dare ya
"Been away for a bit, app got worse! I seriously don't get how this can happen. Every time I open the app I get stuck in the ad loops! Like seriously how many ads do I have to listen to. I have to close the app and reopen it. Talk about making it so u subscribe. I'll definitely be finding another app. Horrible!"
"Cyber beggers, begging for premium subscription in between every songs."
I now can't pause music or podcasts. I don't know if there has been recent update but this has been happening since yesterday. I uninstalled the app yesterday then reinstalled this morning. Iwas working fine until now. Won't use app again. This is a pain in the neck.
"Was fine until like 6-9 months ago. Music player keeps disappearing, so I can't pause or skip through tracks correctly. This sometimes causes the music to stop randomly as well. Really frustrating. Using Samsung s10e"
It reduces my storage to be fully songs that I can make a playlist n play it online 💯
"With each Update it gets worst, Sometimes the search bar doesn't appear, Sometimes search does not load, Sometimes the music plays but there is no bar indication..."
"Keeps pausing on it's own every couple of seconds for no god damn reason. If I could just scroll from the top of my screen and press the play button I wouldn't mind, but I have to enter the app again to press play just for it to pause again."
"Works fine on mobile, if I'm on WiFi no matter which one it just won't load anything, I tried everything, the app has all permissions, still nothing!"
Overall it is good but the only problem is that the ads. They just take to long for it to play the next song you want to play like 3-4 ads will happen in between of you listening to what you want to listen.
"won't let me play songs I want, and also shuffles songs when I want a specific song ALSO ALSO IT ""ADDS MUSIC I MIGHT LIKE"" I HATE IT, WHY CANT I HAVE JUST A FEW SONGS THAT I WANT"
"3 stars until I see an update to fix this issue. I love this app, I've been a paid subscriber for years, but for the love of God if I have ""unedited"" songs in my liked songs, Do Not! Switch them out for edited versions!...I'm 30 years old and if I wanted to hear the edited version of ""gin and juice"" I probably wouldn't be listening to r & b in the first place, please fix this has happened to me so many times!"
I can't turn off shuffle I don't have the icon
App is amazing but after the recent update I'm unable to login to my profile. App won't open it gets stuck at the launch doesn't show any fields for email address and password. Hope they fix the bug ASAP
"It's fun and free, but because of the auto shuffle I can't listen to a single song, even recommended songs I have to wait and listen to 5 other songs just to listen to a song I might not even like."
"Worked fantastic on mobile until recent update. It will take a short time to load (usually seamless), but then the controls do not appear after selecting a song. Don't know if that has to do with an ad that always plays? Can't see which one, no controls or album/ad view. After a few songs it will cut off. This time it crashed after 2 songs. Addendum: same issue with podcasts, even if an advert doesn't play first--no controls, cuts off unexpectedly. Happens on WiFi or cell data"
"the app is pretty ok but the newish design changes are annoying and intrusive. I just want all MY playlists in one place which doesn't need me to add filters or whatever. adding and removing songs is a chore and in general there seems to be a tendency to adding unnecessary and ugly buttons everywhere. Also, why is the basic menu laggy? do we need WiFi constantly to just pull up the tab to add or remove from playlist. The recommendations and compilation albums etc are very good though."
It adds songs that I don't want hear!
"I can't use my spotify, I don't know what happened."
Any options left for students who cannot afford premium and have to deal with double unskippable ads?
"Usually love Spotify, but recently been having problems with it! After about 15 minutes of playing something it just cuts off, radio silence. When opening app, it takes a long time to respond, doesn't show you what you were listening to so end up having to find episode/song and play from beginning. The other day the whole app just wouldn't open at all?? Something has happened in the recent updates that has made it really buggy and laggy."
Some songs are unplayable😒 Please introduce the light theme also🙂
"I used to love it because I could play my favorite tracks anytime. The ads were annoying yet bearable. However, recently, I haven't been able to even open the app. Whenever I try to open Spotify, it just kicks me out. Currently I'm using an alternative. I might leave a better review next time if this is fixed."
Totally unusable since last update. Tried troubleshooting for days now....still getting nothing. Very frustrating Spotify and Samsung Galaxy A20!!
Lot of ads
Nice app for listening sounds
To many adds and if that couls add the downlode feture for free that would be cool
WHY DID YOU REMOVE THE THING WHERE YOU CAN LISTEN TO THE MUSIC A BIT BEFORE PUTTING ON YOUR PLAYLIST
"Completely different from the web version, good sound quality yet any playlist song Is completely random and you have 6 daily skips, can't get around it by playing single songs too. Overall the app is O.K. but the pc/computer web version is way better than the app."
"App crashes constantly, the media bar disappears when playing music or podcasts and then I can't pause things, and the sound will randomly turn itself down while listing to music (not related to another notification appearing on the phone). This app is trash"
"Recently had started stopping randomly when screen is locked. Also the play bar at the bottom disappears a lot of the time so the only way for me to stop a song is to shut down the entire app and start again. Lots of glitches, not great."
"The App runs like a**. Every time I reopen it when I want to resume a podcast or song, der player disappears and the pages load for a minute or more. Every other app on my phone works fine."
Spotify is nice app except I can't get into my playlist and it loads to slow .
I would say it was great 1yr ago but now it is the equivalent to apple music
Playlists are the same song you already have...... In a playlist.
Podcast video disappears randomly and doesn't show up even after force stopping the app. Terrible UI and I'm using android
Spotify needs some help after using for a few weeks it previewed only I mean the song stops after 10 secs I tried really hard 😅 but it was broken
"I keep wanting to use this app for podcast and everytime I get discouraged. This time, I'm listening to podcast fine but I cannot pause it at all. The control to see what I'm playing is not there. Only way to stop it is to force stop it. I'll try again at some point but it's pretty unusable for me. Also, the controls don't translate to my car when I connect over Bluetooth. I'll update when these aren't issues."
"why won't it let me in? it's been like this for two days, fix it."
"Would not open no matter what I tried, spent about 2 hours trying to fix it. :( It was pretty good when it did work."
"Compared to the desktop app, this app is terrible. Bugs everywhere, too many extra ""features"" being added while the core functionality gets worse. For example regularly the play/stop buttons just simply disappear. Only way to stop the audio is forcing closing the app. This doesn't happen on other audio apps. ""Offline mode"" doesn't work, you could download something and get on a plane and the file won't play."
"Please fix the dozens of bugs. Shocking experience. Now playing bar doesn't appear, podcasts won't play despite being fine on desktop. Had to uninstall and redownload, lost all my downloaded songs and files. I live in a bad signal area so rely on downloads when not on WiFi. For a market leader it's absolutely ridiculous."
"I searched for a song appeared, when playing it not the song I've searched 👎👎👎"
I really love this app I literally use it everyday and have a subscription however. For some reason it stops playing all the time it will be playing fine for 20 mins then all the sudden it stops playing and when I try to press play it won't so I have to close the app completely and go back just to turn it back on.
Had no probs for so many years in my Android phone but now idk why but my Spotify doesn't lauch its always hanged on a black screen.
"I have been experiencing a sudden stop to what am I listening. Several times in the same podcast for example. Also, lately there is an error and I can't see anymore the buttons. I was listening to a playlist, had the music stopped not by me, and had to go back to the same music manually. Or I didn't had the skip the music even visible on my screen."
"I love it! Would give it 5 stars, but I have to undownload it once and a while because the app wont show the song I am listening too."
"Excellent app. Love the music variety to listen to. Not having app issues.👍👍👍 *(edit) this last update is bad, I need to hear 3 ads before I GET a chance to hear a random song, yeah you heard it right (a random song) because it doesn't let me listen the one I want, if I am lucky I can listen to that song after 6 skips. It shuffles the songs. Total stars goes down to 2 🌟.*"
"Good appp for music listeners. However, please stop adding other kinds of music in my playlist. It's not a good option..."
App is not opening.. I have installed it several times still the issue isn't fixed..
Got some bugs going on. Had to Uninstall cuz the app went into possessed mode.... I was watching a movie when out of no where music started interrupting...
"Can't play an individual song, cant choose a specific playlist, wont play songs in order and cant listen offline or in between apps."
"App frequently clears my queue with no warning, repeats the same song 10+ times, breaks my playlists"
"Urgent Requirement! ⚠️ You must add the ""download music option"" in tha application. Although downloads remain close inside the application. But it should me in free mode."
"I cant even listen to my own songs, last time you can but now you can't, this app sucks"
Absolutely horrible every update it's even harder to get the song you want to play I installed it just so I don't have to install songs and I don't want to pay just to listen to the song that I want to :(
"Free version is garbage! I do not mind an ad every few songs. The free version adds songs to your playlists. Can not skip them. You can not play individual songs, shuffle play only. You can only skip 6 songs per hour. Uninstalled"
I hate this app because of the extra songs part when I listen to my songs songs I don't know pop up and it's irritating
More and more if u buy premium and if it's end u more ads
The quality is good but the only problem is adds .... It contains a lot of adds plzz remove the adds
"Playing meditation music at night - cuts off after 30 seconds. During the day, can drive 8hrs and not have it cut off. Adjusted all the settings so that it has full background access, no luck. Super disappointed."
App having nice song collection But the app shows partiality in treating languages. When hearing Hindi songs lyrics comes in Hindi script However while hearing Tamil songs lyrics comes in English script. If Tamil songs lyrics also comes in Tamil script. It will be 😊.
This app gets really annoying when I try open it it never actually opens properly and it takes me an hour just to open it don't recommend
"Used to be a great app. But now if you're a Samsung Galaxy user there is no more visible player. Which means you can't pause, start, stop, skip or go back a track. It also now crashes regularly. I've been a premium user without these issues for years, but now it is hardly worth the subscription. It would be useful if Spotify could rectify these issues enabling the user to have some sort of listener control. Update: it had been fixed but now the same issue is happening again in July 2022."
"It's a very nice app, specifically for music but there's only one catch that the ads are so annoying"
Why don't you just play ads instead of songs?
"Worst app, if you want to listen ads thn listen sportify, but if you are interested in songs thn plz find another app"
Some time only lag.............
Why my spotify error when i want to log out. I have try to uninstall and install it again but this app can't fix. Please help me to fix the app😭😭😭
I'm unable to open app. If I go onto the internet I'm able to view my Playlist however I can't click on the app itself to take me there anymore which is frustrating.
"I dont know whether i am using this app for listening music or listening to adds!! After ever 60 seconds of addd, if i change the 2-3 song quickly, it gives the yt shorts add again withing fur seconds.. it seems like i would have to uninstall this app. Cause its really annoying."
The new update is not the best it doesn't let u listen to the music u like
The pc spotify version is greater than this version. It doesn't need premium to skip/unshuffle the songs
I rate this 1 star bc when I play my favorite song it keeps playing on different song which making me hate this app. Plss fix this
"When I try to play a song it always shows"" this playlist is empty. Go to Home to find playlists just for you. how to resolve this issue?"
"i cant open this app no matter what, its stuck literally and the worst thing is 8 have paid for premium, i have paid and cant use it just because this stupid app just dont responds. i have tried restart, reinstall and everything btw this sucks!"
"This app is perfect but i giving 3 stars because the many songs i search was not found by spotify. The soundcloud was the best it have every song when i search. Please add the turkish,arabic and remix lofi it is miss in spotify. Please fix it and add. Thanks"
"3 ads per skip is bollocks when the chance of hearing the song you requested is already a 1/5 gamble unless they like what you request. Sepultura, slayer"
"App crashes every all the time. And ad plays, it crashes. You switch to another app and comeback to spotify, app crashes. Always have to restart the app."
"I cant skip songs now, i got only 6 skips per hour. Like what the hell bro? I just want to listen to music normally, not to wait until song end. Im not using this anymore sorry guys"
After every single song it plays add n they r heavily annoying even after update they haven't realized its annoying to keep such thing they removed the feature 30min ad free after a video add better to see other option
"It doesn't play the music I like, it doesn't leave my main screen. I just hate it"
It skips when I don't want it to and it messes with the sound and it keeps playing and pausing when I don't want it to..if this is a bug please fix it.
"Would give higher, but lately the app will not even load."
some other songs are not available like BTS song and other Things is ok Please sort out this thing why BTS Songs is not available
This app is getting worse It's meant to be free and you get 30 minutes without no adverts And I am still getting 6 adverts I can only listen to music for 15 minutes it for 15 minutes then I get more adverts
The app has been great however recently when l search a song it plays a totally different song from the one l choose.
"I used to LOVE the app but now all my downloaded songs are u downloaded and I had to download them again BUT I can't I tried several times but it just won't download again so I tried downloading other songs abd again no luck! I have premium so I can't say sth about skipping and stuff but I think that since the last hupdate Spotify is just 💩. It's lagging 24/7, and I can't even listen to music offline cuz it just won't play. Please fix those issues Spotify!!"
Mine is not connecting with the internet and i just subscribe to premium my App is crashing
"This app has major link and playback issues. I use it on android OS12. Firstly, you cannot play a direct song that is shared to you via social media. When you press the green play button to the bottom right of the song title the app simply ignores it and plays whatever it wants from random artists. If you enter your savedplaylist the same thing happens. This is very biased copyright playback since the specific artists on spotify cannot get there own music played per share. Fix it."
I Really Love Spotify But app it's not working please fix it
"Whenever I start a radio based off a song or artist (which is with the intention to find a NEW artist or NEW music that is related to the song/artist I'm starting the radio off of) it just creates essentially a playlist of music I've been listening to - and not even within the same genre off the song. I've realized that I haven't found any new artists or any new music, and just continuously listen to the same things over and over again which is quite depressing."
"Along with the wrapped for a year, Spotify should also give the count for the number of ads given per year . Other than the too many ads , it is good for listening to music"
Plays songs you don't want to play. (yes premium exists but listening to a song you didn't even click on is crazy)
"No Auto Artist and Album List. It is should be all about the songs. If I like the song, the artist and album should be generated into an auto list."
I was happy with the app because it holds all the artists I like with very few gaps. Until I bought Bluetooth phones and discovered that it constantly stutters audio playback - the only app to do so. There's a very long discussion thread on the Spotify community going back to April 2017 with a multitude of other users who never found a solution. Some resorted to the competition because the company clearly doesn't care. I'm also considering that.
"It's a nice music app but then when I play a song from a playlist, it plays a suggested song, which I find annoying. I just want to listen to the songs I added in the playlist, not the suggested songs."
"Upd: watch your language Spotify and don't command me like that: ""Update your payment methods NOW!"". I won't update anything if I don't want to. I'm tired that I can't add to blacklist ONE specific track from recommendations/radios. I block it every day and Spotify continues to add it in my auto generated playlists. It's hard to reorder playlist in Android app."
I am giving you 2 stars . Songs are definitely cool with good quality but your advertisement are too much long I use YouTube because we can skip in 5 sec but your ads are too long 😑
New phone and the player has to be force quit all the time does not work properly.
"I've been using this app since it come about and have always had premium and in recent years it's just getting worse an worse, what is the need to redownload the same song every day Spotify?! I hardly pick new songs to go into my playlists and every single day the app is downloading said playlist for offline use. then taking extra long to search or even add to que, I never complain about apps but this is by far becoming one of the most unreliable apps for music."
"I can't listen to what I want, why shuffling songs in an album or playlist against my will ? Damn! Pls fix this.."
It's good till it gets glitches.
"Easiest and most convenient way for a student to stream music, but the app can be considerably buggy on my Samsung S8 *edit* Bugs still persist on Samsung S21."
"I love Spotify,and use it every day, have a subscription, BUT it's glitchy as heck. It restarts in the middle of stuff, I constantly have to check in on why it's stopped. So last night I deleted & reloaded it. Now it won't work at all."
They remove all the good song. Stupidify!
Download Spotify mod apks instead of real apk...we are here to listen music not ads
I dont know what's happening because my Spotify won't log in and not opening as well when I'm using my data. I got an error always!
The now playing bar has disappeared
"Hi Spotify devs, I like using Spotify but as of late the app has been unresponsive. I logged out of my Spotify account and since then the app would open but I wouldn't be able to login or access the homepage or anything. The app stays stuck on a screen just showing the Spotify logo. Can someone help me fix this please"
"this app was really good but the new update ruin the app, I just can play the song that I want for a second. please fix it, thanks."
"Far too many ads, basic things that should be free such as playing a singular song you want to listen to. You have to pay for"
"I accidentally delete the spotify data, yeah that's my fault. But I try to reinstall it and now I just stuck in the logo loading screen"
Googd app Advertisments tloud.... Much too loud Speaker volume to 50% but advertisments are 80%-90% or louder Too bad
"Cuberstalers, cgberbullies, narcissistic hackers BFF. The whole guns don't kill people people kill people Vail to hide behind. It's a good thing your not spinach then you can be recalled."
"Terrible just wants money.... been paying for premium for a year almost and now that I haven't payed they won't even let me in the app to select what Playlist I'm listening to, just give me 2 options 1) pay em or 2) cancel which I don't wanna do as my dad is in charge of our duo account. TERRIBLE STREAMING SERVICE!!!!"
Basic features such as playing things in order are unavailable without paying
It is very good app but it's new update is very very bad I am deleting this app 😈😈😈😈
"Used to be amazing, have been a premium subscriber for 3 + years. The latest update causes Spotify not to show the song playing so I can't skip etc. Will stop at random intervals so have to manually open phone again. I have uninstalled and reinstalled, problem still persists."
Very irritating. I want to stream music over mobile data and says no internet connection seriously....... Furthermore i am a premium user but still suffer. Please check on that as soon as you can.
"Spotify is literally the worst platform you could use to listen to podcasts. They insert ads that aren't associated with the podcast makers and it makes podcasts sound disjointed. Premium doesn't even help in that regard. Some podcast episodes are also missing random 20 second snippets of audio, which aren't missing on other platforms so this is on Spotify's end. Most likely some kind of bug related to the aforementioned ads inserted into episodes by Spotify themselves."
Why don't you guys add a minus one feature for every song. Like a karaoke. Since you already have lyrics on some songs.
Auto play random songs. It is non sense frustrating. I have set auto play off and it still skip and plays random stuff. Utter garbage. Good quality in song is not answer to the random song recommendation.
Now this aap is vary vary bad I don't like it because any song if I play this is no play🖤🤮💩👎😤😡😠🤬
"July 6th, 2022. Just came back to Spotify today around 03:37, I'm not amused on how the Audio Devices I'm using currently onto Bluetooth and AUX Cable too, I used to have a quite different experience than a lower mono-audio about now. By the way; the sound was needed to be up around 94% oye. Ad's are fine but gives you 30 minutes of listing to music; But other devices that I use this app isn't the same, I only use shuffle mode."
Too much advertisement .. too much disturbing ...
App shuffles my Playlist and took all my skips and plays songs that aren't even on my Playlist
"Waste app not opening in my tap only Spotify symbol is visible and every time coming ads on TV download Spotify,for party all are fake 😈😈😈😢😤"
You should try to suggest some new and hits songs. And also make some other list for hit songs
"Worst app ever. They give songs between ads, I mean how can they even put songs between the ads , it just ruins the joyful exprience of listening to the ads. If they remove the songs I will definitely give them 5 stars."
"The problem is just becoming more unstable Like I used to use this app and other app at same time in past it used to work better but now it's stops on one song only I don't know why it stops And I updated the version again but here again that problem and again when I search for some songs the songs be like something went wrong, no internet connection etc and all Please if this continues I will not put for any premium package more I"
Just got a full screen ad for sponsored content on premium. That's not you do to paying customers.
Every time adda after one song worst app😭
"Stops playing every ten minutes +/- I love to listen to my podcasts while driving is during my train commute, but the recent update constantly interrupts playback, so I'll uninstall for now. It's a brilliant app otherwise."
All those months it not work and they have not fix this issue if I play A song it will randomly play a random song please fix this again and the next update ok manager and developer 😤
I have installed in my android tv but whenever i play it the tv hangs and there is no problem with the apps even though i update the spotify on time
"This app is trash, needs premium to anything 😤🙄, Can't listen to Any songs I like, always bringing me to Another song, I'm already giving credit on Streaming An Artist and you can't even let me do that!!! 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎"
"I really enjoy spotify premium and have so for the last few years as a subscriber. After recently updating my phone, my spotify no longer plays anything. All my saved data is gone. The titles and playlists are there but nothing plays. It keeps saying no internet connection try again. I have followed all the troubleshooting options as well. I only just resubscribed 3 weeks ago 😞"
"It's been glitchy lately and music skips like scratched CD. And today, when I tried opening the app, it stayed at the logo and wouldn't load. I tried uninstall and install again, restarting my phone doesn't work either."
"Somehow varying streaming quality, maybe due to connection ..."
The only god thing is that you can share instagram stories with that pretty lyric thing and that's it
Crashing and closing all the time
Too much ads 🥲🥲🥲
"Been going downhill for years (the UI to find anything is terrible, sound quality is average and when you download something it favourites it?!) but the way it struggles without an Internet connection is infuriating, it just shows a loading screen all the time, even for albums I've downloaded. I've downloaded them because I'm travelling and I know my connection is going to be bad so why am I staring at a loading screen"
It's good but Why can I not play the song I want to play. It always plays a different song than I'm picking. And 6 skips per hour? That's stupid
I've been using this app for years but recently Somethings up with the app please fix it. Sometimes the music just starts playing but there is no way to stop it. I can't get the album cover of song I'm listening up. There has been other issues are a recent thing. Please fix it
Can't open the app anymore
"Recently the app has been randomly losing the player. Can't close the app, can't stop what's playing. Argh! Been using the app for years and have loved it. This needs to be fixed - please! Update July 5, 2022 Seemed to have returned to normal until today - same issue. Am un-installing and re-installing."
what does it mean First you say listen 30 minutes of uninterrupted music then after one song you advertise again It would be better if you don't say it that 30 minutes of uninterrupted music
"The mobile version is absolute thrash I can't even choose the song to play, i can only choose a playlist with full of songs that i don't like."
"The shuffle button isn't on all Playlist. Music stops after 10 secs even after going into the app. Also, I thought if I had the premium duo plan then it would get rid of ads. Why do ads still come up on podcast?? UPDAT: we are now in a July and it's still happening.. remind me why I pay for this sub???? First review was from back in April 2022. Maybe if the music wouldn't keep stopping randomly it would make more sense."
"What is going on with all the bugs? Spotiy has always been wonderful until the last few months. Bugs, skips, doesn't pop up what im currently listening to, so I can't pause or stop the music without having to close the app. I'm really hoping this gets fixed and I dont have to cancel my subscription ☹️"
It says ad free music ad free music only in between ads 💥🔪🔪🔪😭
I play music on my pc. And set pc playback on mobile to. It still doesn't change songs on pc. Lags a lot. Makes it annoying. Please fix it.
"In general the app is good, but recently when I play music it will occasionally not show the notification to show what song is playing or the app will freeze, I also can't unhide songs. Please fix these issues."
"unusable, songs will not even play and the app crashes constantly"
Very nice app to listen to your favorite artist
"Now playlist only can be played, but didnt show the list so i cant skip any song i want to hear. Sometimes i want to hear song i like in the playlist multiple time."
"its a good app, good music, but the new update is horrible. Why do i have to shuffle my liked songs just to listen to music? why cant i tap on the song to listen to the full song and not a sample of the song? it doesn't really make sense but it does what its supposed to do which is play music. Also the ads make me feel like i have malware on my phone with it popping up randomly."
Stopps playing playlists after just a few minutes
Its better to pirate musics than using this... no youtube is better.
"In first time, this app is disatified for me. I try to creat account but always reply to me something wrong. Free Log in,Log in with facebook, Log in with google account like that show me but can't sing in. What a uselsss app."
Im stuck at loading screen
"it literally is stuck on the logo and wont let me play my songs, go to home page or anywhere its just stuck at the logo."
Used to like it but now you have to pay for basic fetures. You are forced to listen to random songs even if your trying to listen to one song. Its annoying.
The computer version is way better
Removed features being used by the client base without any notice. Rather go to YouTube music then continue paying Spotify money. Bring back Spotify connect function and I'll take my review back.
"The Reason for less stars is the ads are becoming irritating. This app used to be having a non interrupting playback for 30 minutes or so if you saw an ad between. But now it have ads after almost every songs. And it used to have an option for checking the song by giving a 10 second or so sample of it before adding the song to a playlist if you add the songs by ""Add Songs"" option in the playlist. Now it doesn't work. Please bring it back. And Please Allow us to rearrange the songs in a playlist"
I don't know I if it's just me but every time I play my LIKE songs it will play but later I will play song that I never liked or is interested in 😬😬
It a good app BUT how can I not pick the songs I want to play and only get 6 SKIPS AN HOUR it's so annoying why can't I pick my own songs. So after 6 skips your stuck listening to songs I don't want to listen to at the moment why can't I pick the song like on every other device
Too much ads 😔😔😔
I would give this 5 stars but the fact that you cant choose wich songs you want is dumb af.
My Spotify app is showing a ton of music from others countries. I need American music. How do I fix that?
Please focus on music not add
I want to download spotify songs to my library on my conputer. Please advise how to do this
"Good app, however, every time i want to add a specific song to my playlist, it shows me recommend songs rather than the song i want to look at and add. Edit: now, when ever i try to look at a new song or playlist, it gives me infinite adds. Wost music app ever. Uninstall and move to youtube people."
I pick a song it will change into random music
too much ads. don't tell me to switch to premium. don't have a card for it.
Great app when it works. I've tried multiple times to get it to stop playing in the background to no avail. Next option is to just delete it and cancel subscription.
App is hot garbage and has been for years. I pay for the service and am plagued by crashes and random stoppages. Persistent notification for playback will break for no reason. Downloads will corrupt and leave you with no offline music.
"I like this app but I hate it when we only get six skips per hour ,and when there is a song I did not put in my Playlist, I really hope that changes but overall is still good"
"Since June I've been having lots of problems with my podcasts and songs suddenly I'm playing and It stops and I can't press stop the songs, this is really incovenience, please try to fix this ASAP this is really annoying."
It's a good app but there are few things bad with it it has a 6 hour wait to it when u skip like 4. Or 3 songs #2 it skips randomly for no reason #3 u can pick ur own song u just have to hope it's the first one Here is a good thing u can actually change the song without it being random in daily mixes
Way too many ads. Plays 1 or 2 songs and then multiple ads then does it again. Very annoying when trying to listen to music.
"worst app,,,, its like a ad hub"
I can't play the music that I want to listen the whole albums starts playing.. please fix that thing up
"I thought Deezer was bad but Spotify I can't even login, keeps saying you're offline when I'm definitely online. I can't be stressing my brains just to access music, I'm out"
"What the heck is going on with this app? It was great and now it skips and when I open the app to turn off what I'm listening to, the player at the bottom has disappeared and I can't turn it off without closing the app. Restarting the phone and the app only helps temporarily. Reinstalling the app only works temporarily. I have loved Spotify but am considering switching to Amazon Music because of this nonsense."
"Spotify app on PC is great, you can't doubt that. Although the moment you just wanna travel with music on a phone its so horrible, theres this bug possibly where you're locked on shuffle mode. You can't even have fun with music anymore because Spotify does everything possible to make it unfun."
It's a good music app but I don't understand why I just cannot continue to skip freely from one track to another. Why restrict the number of times one can skip tracks while listening to a playlist.
Suddenly if u put songs in shuffle..the first song plays again and again Please do check this
"two days ago all songs from playlists i listened to were showed in the history of songs i listened to recently as just songs, i mean there weren’t any playlists and then songs from them, just songs. it confuses searching now, nothing has changed yet. i need answers, i have no idea what’s happening, and it extremely complicates using this app. upd: why can’t i download music lol? what now? nothing changed either."
Great app! One problem! Stop politicizing the ads! I download it to listen to music not hear about LGBTQ or abortion or vaccines.
Can't open the app anymore. What the heck is going on?
The recent update has rendered this the most annoying app on my phone. Constantly losing the playing bar. Used to work without issues. Huawei p30 Pro
"Nvm, free spotify sucks"
"Wow... I moved from ios to Android and the lack of care for Android is astonishing. I'm a software engineer and I would have been fired months ago if I released something this buggy and didn't even bother to fix it. This is not acceptable. It's not that it's buggy, it's that there is no care to fix it. Each new release makes the app more and more unstable. Probably priority is ios and Android just gets the crumbs."
"I really don't care about the random pauses in the music. What upsets me is that after 14 days, everything is on shuffle. Like, you cannot pick a certain song on a playlist. Basically, it is forcing you to buy premium or else you will always be annoyed."
"Don't use this app, don't give your money to Spotify. Switch to bandcamp and actually support artists and not be force fed platform exclusives daily or be bombarded with ads in your listening. Latest update appears to have completely borked the shuffle function, frequently goes over songs that were playing only minutes before."
"Spotify is very greedy, as in the free plan it puts shuffle on and it can't be turned off at all, and so many other things like that are added so you have to get premium. Not worth it, get Pandora."
"Well, what does this app offer that needs rating? It collects and plays the work of others well. Displays the artwork of others well. Its homepage is straight bad and mostly pushing things I will never and have never clicked on. They should have a ""simple"" mode that gets rid of all the faff and lets you just listen to music. After all, it doesn't pay its artists, so why does it need to advertise? I already pay for it!"
It was nice and I loved to listen to music to drown out the noises or to draw but one day I was off to listen to music but it didn't let me choose music and I thought it was a glitch so I uninstalled the app the reinstalled it back but it still happened please put it to that we can choose the song and not randomize it
"Why won't my Playlist restart? I keep starting my Podcast so I can draw stuff but then it'll start in the middle of a song and it'll completely throw off the mood, Why won't it restart the playlist instead of picking some random song to start in and then play that song and not let me to skip"
"I pay for my monthly subscription and the same day it quits working. Tried uninstalling,, clearing data, clearing cache, restarting etc. Can't get past initial logo screen. So who's refunding my money????"
The February update broke Spotify connect to my car's Bluetooth radio is no longer able to connect to Spotify
"I can't play any song that I pick, randomly cuts halfway through a song and 6 skips an hour shouldn't be a feature, I have no trouble with this on a console, like PlayStation but this is just generally unusable."
You can't even listen to the songs you put on playlist and it keeps on shuffling to the song you doesn't even know and don't want to play. The Spotify sucks now so it deserves 1 star
"I am begging you, improve the offline functionality. Song that are supposed to be downloaded won't play, the menues are buggy as hell offline and half the time will just not load, sometimes I can't even pull up my library."
I did love using Spotify! Not anymore since I'm ANNOYED that ALL of my playlists are gone for some reason...
"a new updaye and same issue as below. last time I had to contact support to fix it. used to love it. a few weeks ago after an update, I stopped seeing a notification in my pull down menu. The app is also switching to playing on the phone after I turned the car off post Bluetooth. Neither of these were ever an issue, I changed nothing about my phone setup."
"Right now as soon as I start vacation it is not working, not loading. I've uninstalled, reinstalled, forced stopped, restarted my phone. This is beyond annoying!!! Edit, got a new phone and app still not working!!! Everyone else in my family plan has a working spotify except myself and I am the plan account holder."
I'm an artist and Spotify doesn't even let me listen to my own song. It keeps playing other songs that I don't like :))
I love Spotify so much but I have two reasons why I don't like it. 1) I hate the ads. 2) premium is good but expensive and it made me broke
The only reason I returned to this God awful app is to watch jre. Although I haven't been able to in over a year because their mobile app is so poorly made I'll end up waiting five minutes for something to load just for it to buffer every twenty seconds without fail. Beyond frustrating to use even without the ads. I couldn't recommend this app any less and I personally believe an honest to God 8-track would be an improvement to whatever the hell Spotify claims to be.
everything costs. And the random songs being added to your playlist is annoying.
"Fix the app! Keeps crushing, plays what ever it wants, doesn't react, if I want to switch it off I need to close it from the background."
how come when we use spotify on computer we can loop for free but when we use it on phone we gotta pay. cmon man thats just stupid
Whenever I open the app and numerous times while using it I get a message that I should turn on Bluetooth. I know Bluetooth is off. I turned it off. There are no Bluetooth devices where I am. It has become so annoying that I am looking for an alternative
"Spotify gives you access to a lot of music, but often fails at functionally working. It doesn't have all the albums I want but has an interesting way of recommending new music."
My app won't even open... I have tried reinstalling it and it still won't work..
Good but can be a bit confusing and difficult. Sometimes u search and play ur particular song and pops up a total different one . Spotify should really work on that
The app will not open to the log in page
"FIX SPOTIFY, I have explicit content on, yet it won't let me play the songs, FIX THIS PLEASE."
You can't always view video or track at what point in the audio the song is. Why? This is a problem that Amazon and YouTube do not encounter.
"Spotify was great until all of a sudden I logged out for 1 quick second and now I can't load into the app and I'm stuck in the loading screen with the logo for the past 3 days, it'd be 5 stars if this was fixed."
"Been having this problem recently where I am only stuck on a Spotify logo basically the loading screen where I have to wait before it loads. I've been waiting a lot just to see the damn loading screen for hours. I tried uninstalling and redownloading it but nothing works I tried a lot of ways such as restarting my phone, clearing data and cache, refreshing the app but nothing happens just that damn logo and a black screen surrounding it. I can't believe this. Fix this damn app."
"Spotify was best in the beggining, you can play any song you like and I believe to be add free, However like 1 month after download when I click a song It doesn't even even play the song I chose. I don't know if this happens with other people on Mobile however it is very annoying click a song only to hear something else."
"Free spotify tends to get more insidious the more you use it to frustrate you into paying for premium, to the point that it would play 2 songs then 3 ads repeatedly"
It doesn't let u choose what music you want to listen to one u press on a play list it goes on shuffle and u can't change that unless u buy premium
"The last time I tuned in, it kept flicking from one song to another, and wouldn't let me listen to the song that I wanted to."
"It just stops playing music and podcast it will work for a song or two or 10 minutes into a podcast then it just stops, play bar is going like you just started the app up, doesn't remember that played a song or where it stopped in song or podcast. Then you have to go back in the app find where you stopped hearing the content. Got full bars, 5G unlimited plan no where near the ramp down limit so it's not that. Pandora and utube music play just fine. Starting to wonder why I pay for this when it"
"My spotify has been working fine for 5 years. i cleared the app data to clear some space on my phone. Now when I click onto the app, it doesnt go pass the green logo which im stuck on. Cant get to the login screen or anything. PLEASE FIX THIS spotify is my lifeeeeeee"
I mostly use the app for exclusive podcasts like JRE and appreciate Spotify as company as a whole but the app crashes all the time. Frequently when I go to listen to a podcast the podcast doesn't come up so if it has video I can't see it or skip ahead or go back within the podcast its as if the app doesn't register its playing. If the app was more reliable I would like consider using it for music and upgrade to premium account but the frustration isn't worth it.
sptify is a nice app . but it dosent let us enjoy the music. Ads every second and only 5skips a day! its forcing the user to pay. and thats lame .pls let some freedom for the useres so they dont hate this app.
Last update won't let the app open!!!!
Thumbnail is other artists and songs item list of another artist
The stupidest app really. You take premium for a week and you can download only 30 songs?! Disgusting. Never spending one more penny on this useless app.
Trash app wouldn't even use if Joe Rogan hadn't moved over. Literally randomly just changed podcasts and pauses for no reason all the time.
"I've been using this app for 4 years,but the new update is getting on my nerves.If you want to listen to a song you can't listen to it first if you even wanted to, instead it puts the songs in a order where you can't choose which one you wanna listen to first. Not only that, but when I tap on a song to listen to it instead of showing the play button it shows other songs and not the one I wanted to listen to. It is also frustrating when I wanna play a song on my playlist."
"Constantly stopping, regularly not showing playback options and offline mode is spotty at best."
Why the hell cant i play my playlist do i need to shuffle it? Stop trying to give me songs that are like the songs in my playlist. Just let me listen to my damn songs its annoying
"The app has horrendous lag on my Note 10+ yet works fine on my brother's phone, I am fully updated to the newest version I can, and the issue persists. There is something deeply wrong with this app, and it needs to be figured out soon."
"Many problems with this app. #1 You can’t even play the songs you want. Every time I shuffle play liked songs or my own playlists it just plays songs that aren’t even there. #2 Too much ads. #3 Whenever I search for a song, I have to go through every single playlist that appeared till I find the one I want, sometimes I don’t even find it. #4 You have 6 skips every hour but can’t even play what you want so I just skip to the song I want but then my skips are just wasted. You need to fix this."
This app is so annoying....after the last update all playlist has under go on shuffle mood and you cant disable it without buy a premium...... and you cant change song over 6 time..... this is so disappointing..... I am going to uninstall this app
"Since mid May 2022, I can't play anything on Spotify. All of my playlists are either empty or have like 2 songs on them. Even official Spotify playlists are empty. Edited: There's been 4 updates since this post and I still can't listen to any music. I pay for this and I can't use it. The website works but I can't download a playlist there so I have to use my mobile data. I'll be switching to Pandora, I guess. I prefer Spotify but I can't use it! 😡"
Keeps asking to allow Bluetooth. I have said yes and later and it won't stop every time I open the app. So annoying
I will be in the middle of a podcast and it'll change to another episode of a different podcast
"Even with autoplay off for similar songs, whenever I start playing a playlist it plays songs that are suggested and not from the actual Playlist."
"Great when it works, haven't had too many issues on the Pixel 6 Pro. Control bar is missing with latest update"
I Used to Love This app a Lot.... Many Amazing Songs and everything is so perfect 🙂😇
Spotify is okay but I can't loop it or choose my song. YouTube let's me do that. I can do that on my computer Spotify but not mobile. It sucks.
Since I updated the app won't open.
"Keeps saying no internet, when set to offline, when stuff I'm trying to play is downloaded stuff? Turn to online with my wi fi same gd thing? Worked great for years now this? Why do i pay for premium?"
"It's all about the money first of all when I want to listen to a certain playlist via artist or made by myself ,IT ALWAYS PLAY ""SUGGESTED"" SONGS. It so irritating because let alone I can't chose the song I can't get more than 6 skips an hour when it's playing song that shouldn't even be there . I liked it better when the subscription was unlimited skips and no ads 😌😌😌"
"Big fan, keeps doing really weird things like not showing that it's playing, unable to fast forward or rewind because I can't get to the song playing, gives me random adds and won't let me skip by then even though I have the payed version."
"Just a cash grab at this point, they stopped giving me my 30 minutes of uninterrupted music and I don't know why, I can only skip 6 songs (and it's extremely frustrating when a song I don't know comes on that I didn't put on my playlist) I can't even chose the song I want to listen to and the audio keeps skipping during the songs, just use an adblocker website and listen to music that way guys"
There was like 1 billion ads and I didn't even get the songs I wanted
Not having 30 minutes of commercial listening.
Forget this. Im going back to Youtube. At least there i can listen to the songs i want instead of my 30 ad free minutes being recommendeds of what i listened to last week. 10/10 do not recommend this app. Alot of problems built into the app on purpose just to pressure people into buying their premium. Premium in their case being a decent app that just lets you listen to your music which i shoukd get anyway. Total ripoff
Whenever I try to play songs it just plays a random song. Unusable.
I try to play the song on my Play list and Play songs I didn't add
Love this app but kinda silly how you have to pay to listen i mean seriously! I rather listen to my music on YouTube.
I started payin for Spotify but is stops playing. I don't know why. Actually i am paying exactly for its playin in background. But it doesn't. Play button disappeared anyway. I can not shut it down. Unbelievable!
Plays songs that I didnt even add to my playlist
"Works okay at the moment, but there's a slight issue where the genre slider at the top of the liked songs list cannot slide. :)"
♦️♦️♦️♦️♦️🎴DONT DOWNLOAD Bad app for misic it contains frequently ad 2:1RATIO OF ADS
Currently the play bar is disappearing from the bottom of the app constantly. Extremely frustrating and yet marked as resolved according to their website. Will be leaving 1 star review until this is fixed properly because it's a core feature that should never be broken (for an extended period of time at that) in a music app.
Any other Android users having issues with the app? I've read alot of us are experiencing the same issue after updating the app..once it's updated and you try to reopen it stays stuck on the logo....its trying to load up but never does! Extremely frustrating when you can't speak to a human. All Bots when trying to resolve the issue! Back to Pandora I go!😭😭😭💔💔💔
Too many problems not getting fixed! Anyone that pays should get a free month! 🤬
"Everything is almost alright. Whenever I play my liked songs shuffled, after couple of my liked songs are played a little after you play song THAT I NEVER LIKED WHY PLAY THEM WHEN I HAVEN'T LIKED THEM. FIX THIS. Not only that every 10 minutes i get an add. Don't hmu with the bs of not bothering you with adds for 30 minutes. THANKS FOR DISABLING MY ACCOUNT AFTER I WROTE THIS, everything was fine before I rated this."
Performance is very poor When i search for music and I tap the play button it play different much
"Great desktop version, free version on app is obviously worse. You get what you (don't) pay for I guess. Appreciate that ads are needed but there seem to be significantly more. That's a minor whinge. The fact the app throws random songs into your playlists is extremely annoying."
Spotify was good untill they started the 8 ads in a row deal
Constantly crashes with podcasts which is annoying. Plus the podcast video player could really use an update.
"I tried logging in but I keep receiving an error message of ""offline kindly connect to the internet"" which Is very annoying because I'm very sure I'm connected to the internet.Not until I uninstall and reinstall and now I have to redownload my songs."
"I've been using and paying for Spotify premium since I was in 7th grade. I am now a college sophomore and thinking of cancelling my well-loved subscription because of the constant skipping of songs. I don't know why or when exactly the problem started, but almost every song skips like a bad record and I haven't found a single effective solution. reinstalling, reporting the bug, opening and closing ect ect. I love this app and I would hate to lose it, but this issue is incredibly frustrating."
New update is horrible. Not being able to pick which song and my playlist constantly shuffling. I recommend SoundCloud or YouTube Music.
Voice is very clear and good
"App constantly plays the same songs regardless of using shuffle. For example, today while not driving the app is playing all the songs it played yesterday while driving. Sucks."
"I will never pay for Spotify. It's a scam. Literally every other song is an ad an then when I am able to catch a commercial free period, you guys ruin it. How do you let a 4 minute song go over 6 mins and had I not used one of your skips my whole 30 minutes would have been wasted on 1 song. It's absolutely ridiculous"
"What is up with free Spotify. I get that I'm not going to get the best version of the app but you only have 6 skips. The 6 skips are that bad but pair it with when you play a playlist it just plays random songs that aren't even on your playlist. So you skip those song but then the app is like: ""woah slow down instead of skipping try editing your playlist?"" And you can't edit your playlist because it's playimg random songs. And when you search noooo it has to play more random songs."
Use any other app. Constantly stops playing for no reason. Sometimes stopping after 5 minutes or less.
"Loved it, but then the app started getting really buggy and now it thinks there's no Internet access when I can easily connect with other apps. Going to cancel subscription."
Its a great app but.. Since the new update spotify is just no💀 you cant even play your fav song over and over why did you removed that in the app idk whos idea to put random songs in your playlist who EVER thought of that is a horrible idea
Had to uninstall and reinstall for the second time due to years-old bug triggered by app updates when spotify set to offline mode. Cannot login unless I do this.
Why pay for premium if there's still going to be ads every 7 minutes? Is there something more I have to do to turn the ads off??
"The app has been getting more and more buggy and even with a subscription, I get pop-ups advertising in-app podcasts I have no desire to listen to."
"Every couple of months the app's 'fun' side rears it's ugly head. I'm talking the sound cutting out for no reason till you open the app again, downloaded files that are in the downloads folder not playing till you're back on wifi or turn your data back on and the app not showing on your device that anything is playing when it clearly is. As we speak, Spotify started playing again randomly after cutting out for 10 minutes. Thanks Spotify."
"Lol. Idk why did I bother to came here. The app doesn't work at all. It just show the logo, no matter how long I try to wait, and that's it. I can't even log in to my account. Tried to uninstall and reinstall for several times but it's just useless."
Constantly has player issues where it'll randomly stop playing and you need to reinstall to fix it. Just use the browser version instead.
"I've been having issues connecting with remote play, my phone doesn't allow me to play songs directly from my favorite/hearted songs. Edit: This has been an issue for almost a year.. half the time I can't play music unless I click the shuffle button, it doesn't let me select individual songs. Not sure what I'm paying for at this rate. Tested on two Pixels and a Moto.. Edit 2: still broken two months later, collectively over a year. should i just give up??"
"Don't like the advertisements so much. Lately they've been getting lengthy with sometimes 5 in a row, which throws a wrench in my workout."
Good for nothing this app is. They have to update themselves. If not nother Yahoo.
It is alright but as soon as the premium runs out it sucks because if you try to play a song you searched up you just get some other song instead of what you clicked on so basically you have to pay to listen to the music that you want also it now sometimes refuses to give me my six skips per hour because I used it yesterday and today used three skips and it said that I have used my six skips also not to mention it now gives me almost three ads in one ad and the thirty minutes don't work anymore
"Poor...30 seconds ads never felt like they last a long time till now. Especially when you're just trying to play music. I get that they need money...but bro...right in the middle of the Playlist? What's the point of listening your favorite song If an ads ruins your mood, hype and vybe just because you don't have premium."
I think it is the worst app ever i have used. This app is showing ads after every 1 or 2 songs which is really a pathetic thing. I don't want to gibe even 1 star also but without it the review won't be posted.
i cant open the app : ( tried installing-uninstalling the app multiple times already... still not responding
"After this last update the app won't even open ok my phone, it's just stuck on the loading screen"
"I loved spotify, but the most recent update makes it where I can't pick what song is playing, and it just plays randomly and never plays music on my playlist anymore, if this is the new Spotify, I will be deleting Spotify and use something else, now I also can't see what is even on my playlist anymore, it just has a list and not a playlist"
Tired of your ads 😑 uninstalling it😑
"Y'all should add some features that will make the app incredible. One, add a feature that can allow users to play all offline songs. Two, add a supermix. And three, add two tabs on the home page that will say ""music"" and ""podcast"" it's time to separate music from podcast. Also, make it easy to download podcast episodes. I want to enjoy a podcast show without any pausing(buffering). Maybe auto download."
Annoying. Stop shuffling my music!
Doesn't let me skip recommended songs even when I had skips left
The app is not working properly . Dwonloaded songs were shown in llibarary but not play and now dwonloaded songs column is not shown on my library . me also buy the premium for dwonload song Worst app I have ever used
Failure to launch. Even after multiple unistall and reistall doesn't get passed icon screen. 0/5 stars not Samsung friendly.
"App always going off lately! Very annoying. I thought I was the only one, but reading reviews here, many facing same issue."
Keeps crashing when I open it.
So I was using Spotify for the last two years and now am having some issues. Whenever I get a message notification from WhatsApp then notification beep sound continues. No matter what I try the beep sound continues. I don't know whether it's happening because my phone have some bugs or Spotify having some issues. Need an explanation if it's possible.
"No mather what i do, it will keep playing. I close and it playes again.. damn stupid app..."
Why the app always force stop... After few it will stop.
I like the app but i hate hattteee when i try to find songs they are shuffled with others songs i dont like and also my playlist
"How do you turn it off when you're done listening,instead of just pausing???"
I've been getting bugs. Pause button won't appear. The bottom thingy won't appear when I'm playing a song. I keep restarting the app but it doesn't fix it.
What happened??? I can't pause it anymore. When I play something I don't get any of the buttons showing up on my phone. I can't pause and it won't even show what I'm listening to. I've even had it play right over other apps like books. It's become complete garbage.
I should have Given you 5 Star. But I rather give 3 star. Because Spotify is a excellent App. But the monthly payment is extremely expensive $9.99 .you guys should do like $5 .So to have many subscribers. e. g Am 37 years old and if I will be listening to music for about 20 to come. How much will it cost in twenty years of my living on this Earth?
When I was enter this app it's took more time to loading
Why there is no previous feature in my application this also a updated version then why I don't have fix this issue fast................... As soon as possible ............🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
App won't open. Just crashes
Keeps playing stuff other than the play list I created
Good sound quality 👌
"Gives me a blank spotify logo on a black screen when i try to log in, and has been ""loading"" for over 20 minutes. im paying 11.99 a month for this?"
Need a very very very high connection
"I used to use YT vanced, it was a good app for BG music then i downloaded this, no doubt this is a good music streaming app but ads after every song?? One ad says that 30 mins interrupted songs and after that song again there is a ad, disappointed"
"7.5.22 App has been glitchy the last few days. Podcasts stop every 10 minutes. No control buttons, can't pause or back up. Normally this is fixed in short order but it's been too long. I mostly like this app. One ask I have is to make autoplay settings separate for podcasts. Depending on where I am when I select an episode, a new one may or may not autoplay at the end. I want autoplay for music but not for podcasts... please and thank you! Also shuffle available from the top of all playlists?"
The daily mix is the same music every day nothing new. Don't now wy they mix it every day with the same music.
It's an absolute cheating against those people who don't buy Spotify Premium... Because there are 3 long nasty ads after each and every song... I'll delete my account if you don't reduce those long ads after every song...
Will pause songs randomly of you don't give the app permission to run 24/7 in thr background without restrictions on android. I do t want it starting or running in the background when I am not using it. It acts like I lost signal when using it if I have it as a sleeping app when not in using it. I canceled my premium membership because of this issue. Why pay for music that skips because you don't want it running all the time when not in use.
Completely unusable app. Literally crashes when you attempt to launch it. Don't know why I pay for their service.
"PODCASTS DO NOT PLAY. I PAY FOR PREMIUM, MUSIC WORKS BUT NOT PODCASTS."
"Loved spotify and have used premuim, meaning I pay, for years now. HOWEVER, for at least two months now the app has been crashing, randomly pausing my music, and not displaying any banner or display for the active audio. I've been very patient and stuck with an app I have appreciated, but that might change if spotify does not fix these issues soon."
More data it's taking 30 min 400 mb it took
THIS SUCKS i literally picked eroplanong papel and other songs play like what? Spotify fix this and ill give you a better review its rlly annoying you better do something about this!
"No controls visible anymore. (Play, pause, etc) My app will stop playing for no reason. This just started over the last few days. Without the play / pause option, I cannot pause my podcast or music when someone comes to speak with me. Additionally, the app keeps playing despite receiving phone calls."
"Too many ads,not playing the correct song that i choose."
"Randomly skips my songs, won't let me pick specific songs in my playlist, literally missing basic functions you can find in 99% of other music players if you don't buy premium, they want to make it as mind numbing and painful to use their app as possible so you can give them money for something that others can give you for free! Atleast with youtube I can pick songs from my playlist to play without skipping through my playlist with shuffle."
I update new update of spotify then I open the app then my library is deleting my library song fix this issue
"An ad every other song, glitches all the time. Suggested songs are repetative and annoying."
I love it and hate it at the same time. I want to able to skip songs when it's an artists playlist. But other that that you good.
My Spotify is not opening I am trying from so long but no response please fix this problem as soon as possible whenever I open it the logo of Spotify appears and it doesn't go for for so long I keep waiting that when will it open and when will I be able to enjoy the songs please fix this problem I want to use Spotify I haven't use it from so long
Way too many ads
"What has happened to this app? Where has the now playing screen gone? No way to control what's happening on the app anymore. I can't rewind, I can't skip the inbeded grifter ads by the podcasters or rewind and listen to something interesting."
Poor user interface. You have to wait >10s for albums to load even when offline. Why does the app keep trying to connect when in offline mode and phone airplane mode??
I shuffle thousands of songs and it's always the same 10 scattered at the beginning.
"Very buggy lately (July 2022). The app constantly bugs out, loosing the now playing bar and becoming unresponsive. The only way to stop play back is to force stop the app."
"Spotify has gotten extremely buggy in the last year or so. I will sometimes get redirected to a playlist radio when I try to shuffle play a playlist, and once in a while it pauses what I'm listening to and the now playing bar in the app and the control widget on my notification screen disappear. I've been a premium member for years and hope these problems get fixed soon, but it looks like they've been known issues for a while."
Way too many ads at this point I listen to more ads than music
"The app keeps crashing, songs disappear, had to make new accounts cause it wouldn't let me sign in even if I changed the password and now it just won't open. I'm done, peace out!"
"Extremely infuriating, I pay for Premium and Spotify wont even let me play the songs in MY playlist without playing a random ""recommended"" one, and there is no solution for this, and if there is they have done an incredible job of making the UI as confusing, cluttered and unnavigatable as possible. Unsubscribed, am now using a competitor, which is a lot better, for free."
"App is not working, it won't load... It only shows the Spotify symbol and it won't do nothing"
No obvious way to close the app. It seems to want to run in the background all the time. Not sure why I would want that feature? Uninstalled.
App stopped working on Pixel 6 with latest update. Force closes instantly.
"It's been a month of waiting, I'm still looking at my screen a logo of Spotify how nice isn't."
What happened? Since July 4th the app won't work on my phone. It keeps stopping or shutting off completely and it won't play in the background. I used this app for sleeping and can't. There is also no way to skip or relisten to anything. Please fix! We pay premium and don't want to find another app for music and podcasts.
My play/pause options have disappeared. This is very annoying! Plus the app starts playing on my phone when I turn the car off. Which I can't stop because I don't have the control bar. Loved the app before this happened.
"Fix the shuffle ""always on issue"" I'm a paid member and doesn't even give me an option to unselect shuffle anymore. Frustrating doesn't even describe it."
I can't open the app it only displays the logo. I tried clearing the data and cache but still doesn't work.
"It's extremely annoying that I need an internet connection to view my ""downloaded"" content. That tells me that it isn't truly downloaded. In addition, the app will suddenly show that nothing is downloaded, and content is simply listed in my ""episodes."" Later, even though I haven't done anything and wasn't near wifi, it will show my content as ""downloaded"" again. Shouldn't the app actually download my selections to my phone?"
"It's good that you can use it for free and listen to playlists, also podcasts that you're into. The two issues I have are that sometimes (most times), I can't listen to the podcasts I've downloaded offline. Then the other is that you can't start a playlist from the beginning, a lot of the time you have to continue the playlist. I used to start another playlist then back again to start it from top but that has not worked in a while."
The play bar usually disapear even though I uninstalled and installed the app several times!! Please fix this.
"After this last update, my app keeps opening and crashing. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but to no avail did that work. Such a shame because this would have been a 4 star review. I hope they fix this issue soon"
"I used to really love this app, so I ended up going Premium. However, for a few months now there has been countless problems. Music or podcasts constantly pausing, the bar where you can skip or pause constantly disappearing. I've contacted Spotify and done everything they've asked, but nothing works. I think they need to admit there is a problem with the app that needs fixing."
Bangla & Hindi songs collection is so poor! Increase more songs.... 🎧
"SECURITY ISSUE. The accounta are not secure, avoid signing in with your email service if you cannot avoid using the app. Have been using it for almost a year to discover this. Your login information is NOT secure. Apart from that.. App is not upto the standard. Bells and whistles but no quality. Low quality customer support for a paid service. The audio is very low quality, also the support executives have zero clue about their own product."
"bit disappointed. used to work great, but once I logged out wouldn't let me back in"
"i accidentally pressed log out and now It's stuck at the logo screen. I've uninstalled and intalled it numerous times, cleared the data and cache and yet i still can't totally access the app. please fix this i can't lose my playlists there :("
"What is this I open the app but the app not start I try all time i check my mobile network, then I use wifi network then I reboot my phone, but the app not start. If the app not work I uninstall the app and i say all don't download the app."
So I have the family pack which allows up to 6 devices and when I go to download my play list it says to many devices ( we only use 4) so I log everyone out and still same problem fix it Now or loose a long time subscriber
"App won't go to log in screen, just shows splash screen"
Gave it 3 stars coz it says listen to no add songs for 30 mins and after every song it is showing me an add please correct it or should i find another app ?😑😑😡 I heard about karaoke mode when is it gonna come hmm??
"Break comes again and again, the mind is bad, that's why I am deleting this app, bad app is bad"
"it won't let me past the opening screen with the logo I tried re Installing, clear data/cache, force stop , restarting device nothing seems to work plus I don't get canvas feature so I'm gonna cancel premium"
"Now it stops when you open another app. Music keep randomly stopping this is on a playlist I have downloaded, also app keeps crashing AGAIN. I cancelled my premium because of the problems before. I can't see me keeping it as not much has changed, always problems"
"Usually love this app and works fine on my phone but on my laptop its a mess. It closes down within seconds of opening it, and doesn't want to work. Sadly its only the spotify desktop app which is giving me problems, i hope they check if there are some bugs soon :) other than that love the app"
Latest update is rubbish. The app is not even working atm. First on my car ay. Now not on Android phone at all. Trying to reinstall the app. Get you stuff together I pay for a working app. Not this
"Constamtly randomly pauses, or doesn't let you press play at all. Terrible for a paid for service"
Worst app I ever seen too much problems. My recommendation please do not download this app..
First of all I had to make a new account because it wasn't giving the option for mobile login. Then now when I play a song on shuffle or normally after every skip it reaches the first song I played and it's frustrating seriously
"Pls fix the bug i can't open Spotify since yesterday 07/4/2022, pls i can't open Spotify not gonna lie i can't pls help me or fix it, thank you."
Had all my music saved to my sd card yet when Spotify updated I lost everything and it won't let me go back to sd card as it keeps trying to download to the phone. There is no problem with my sd card so I blame Spotify for stressing me out unable to use app now offline
The song which I want to listen is not played.For example I want to play lut gaye from Jubin Nautiyal.Other song is played but not lut gaye.Very sad.
For those who are tired of the ads provide by Spotify. Just simply download Spotify from happy mod it's 100% safe and secure and it's exactly the same as the original version you will never get ads and you can also download your favourite songs 👊[thank me later ☺️]
"New update sucks, I hate the add to queue option when I press on a song. Just play the darn thing"
"So many problems with player, randomly stops, often doesn't show player etc"
I hate it because when I play a song I couldn't hear anything and if I download a song it keeps kicking me out of the app
Option of being able to just hide specific recommendation is just gone?!
"App stuck on load screen, even after multiple uninstalls."
Too much of ads👎
Welcome to the ad app
"It keeps randomly pausing podcasts, it's not allowing me to play a searched song, and pause/pause button often dissappears which means I have to close app and start again. And all this using the paid version."
Too much Ads
If there is power cut and when light comes and you try to play some music it say no network connection
Well organised app but reason for 2 stars are 1.) Lots of ads after every 2 songs there's an ad 2.) Connected to wifi with avg speed of 10mbps still there's a network error so I have to close app and open again 2-3 times to try my luck
For real bro... 6 skips an hour. Were putting limits on skips now how money hungry can you get
Horrible when you click on a song it doesn't play that song it plays a playlist and too make matter worse you can't even play specific songs on a playlist you created
"Stupid app, borderline greedy. Forces use to use premium, or else you almost couldn't even listen to your album. Why the auto shuffle? No one needed that thing"
"can't really complain , except that sometimes it just stops playing music... this is honestly very irritating , i'm assuming it does this , because i don't a subscription but all in all , i highly recommend it , good quality music edit : I canceled my subscription 2 months ago because I couldn't deal with the double deductions every month. They still deduct money from my account and they are refusing to refund me my money. If you know what's good for you, you will download Apple Music."
It's a good app but the ads are just annoying and I don't know why we get 6 skips per hour like why not just remove the feature and sometimes I'll be in a sad mood and then an ad will come on and will ruin the vibe And and then another add will come on but look it's a very good app but just lower the ads and remove the 6 skips per hour thing please?!?!
"Since the new update, the ""now playing"" tab keeps disappearing and I can't even pause or click next track. After a while, the track stops. I have tried uninstall and install it again, but it keeps happening. Pls fix the bug, it's annoying."
It is has amazing options. But it always have problems with loading. It always shows (no internet connection available). While all other apps work absolutely fine in my current network connection.
Lately the app doeasn't show itself and I can't control it like pause or play or close it. Sometimes I restart the phone itself!
Just keep stopping for no reason. Have to force close to get it working again. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Queue related things have been bugging for many months. Songs randomly skipping and queue sometimes just wiping itself. Adding songs sometimes deletes other songs from queue. Really annoying as queuing is one of core functions.
"Back then, this app was good and smooth. I've noticed some upsetting developments in the last several days. When I start opening my Spotify app, all I have seen is the logo. It's crashing and freezing at the same time. I've still thought of trying those Tutorials on youtube, but many of them didn't work. So I'm expecting that this concern of mine will be fixed immediately."
It takes forever to load know and ive never had a problem woth it til 2 days ago. I have to exit out of the app and go back in multiple times before it will fully work...
"I love being able to listen to my music, but lately I'll pick one of my playlists and it gets stuck on a black screen with the spinning green circle. Is this a glitch? I really want to listen to my music."
"Spotify helps me reach out to ebooks, podcasts and all interesting stuff all at once."
"My Spotify keeps crashing, please work on it."
"I have a Samsung A20 that recently had a software update and since then the app is completely unusable. My entire library is gone and I have no history so release radar and discover weekly along with other personal playlists are completely gone. I've uninstalled and reinstalled to app several times. I tried going offline o n both mobile and desktop and reconnecting hoping they sync. Logged in and out over and over. I'm annoyed to say the least. UI is version 3.1, android version 11."
This app is not open I install 3 times
Keeps telling me to check my internet connection. Can't play anything
This apps is not Good I cant disconnect to monthly subscription 😡
"Getting worse by every update so laggy and even tho i have premium i cant listen music when i dont connected to internet, my whole library wont update and be useable without internet even when i opened offline mode"
The waste app I have seen .30 min per 1 add they will say but 2 songs per one add . The waste and lie app I have seen .
"The last update broke the app, it stops playing randomly, doesn't show anything currently playing when there is something playing (no bar down the bottom or on the phone's notification Panel). Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling but to no change."
"Used to be my favorite music apps but after log out, i can't open the apps in my phone"
App constantly crashes and is very buggy
Can't use the search option anymore. Keeps on saying 'No internet connection' while my internet works just fine. It's getting impossible to use Spotify with all these bugs. Please fix it.
"I loved the app and listening to music for a while, but now the mobile app wont even fully load. Whenever I try to open to app, It stays on the icon screen forever. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, clearing data, clearing cache, restarting my phone, restarting my networks, but nothing is working for me."
"The apps keeps crashing anytime I try to make a Playlist, and even then I can't listen to a single song or podcast because ""my internet connection is not responding"" or something, it says as I play YouTube videos just fine. Even created Playlist appear to be empty. Every. Single. One. If I try to make a Playlist and it doesn't crash for some damn miracle as much as I add songs the Playlist it stays empty... and I really wanted to use this app, fix it or lose my money."
"AVOID THIS APP!!! you are better off listening to song on YouTube. I uninstalled it 2 hours after I installed it. You can search for a song but when you try to play it Spotify decides you really should listen to another. I searched for Should Have Been a Cowboy, song not album. I hit the play button and what comes out of my phone? Bubby Shot the Jukebox. Ok, I must have done something wrong so I do it again. I never did get this steaming pile of fecal matter to play it get correct song."
"Can't even start the app, I have to use spotify lite"
It worked and now it doesn't at all I pay spotify premium just for it not to work
"Toooooo many ads....its irritating.an ad between 2 songs...worst uh.. Other than ads u can find all the songs, playlists... I'm gonna uninstall it due to ads 😒"
"For me, at one point it would just not load. For example, the Spotify symbol would just stay on the screen frozen, not doing anything until I just gave up on it."
This app used to be great but in like the past year it's gotten to where it doesn't load. Even songs that are downloaded won't load if you don't have internet connection. I don't understand why I'm paying such a high fee n can't have my music and podcast
"Been running into a bunch of bugs recently. The most annoying is that I can't add more than one thing to the queue. If I keep adding, it will just erase the previous addition and I have to restart my phone several times to get it to work. Every now and then the control bar will disappear so I can't pause whatever I'm listening to even if I try from my headphones. Not to mention the random freezing and shutting down that has been more frequent lately. I've reported it before, never heard back"
The User Experience and UI of the mobile app is awful. Lots of missing features and functions such as sorting playlists are just hidden behind menu's and menu's and it's a very bad experience when compared to the desktop version.
"not sure what happened but for 2 days now, my mobile spotify app hasn't been working. it's showing my playlists on the home page, but not in my library. whenever i click on a playlist, it shows zero songs, so i can't play music on my phone at all. fix this please!!!!"
App gets stuck on the logo screen
The app it's self isn't that bad great selection of music but the algorithm for Shuffle is horrible.
"It's an absolutely great app for listening to music, but only if you have time. This app is unreal if you don't have to wait for music, but if you have low service and a want to play your already downloaded music you're SOL, you're going to have to wait for service to play the music downloaded on your phone. This also applys if you're a service member without service overseas. You wont have access to your already downloaded to your phone music at all."
Plays music but adds are quite annoying. How.many times does it need to tell you to use tide pods because they have less water than liquid detergents. Stupid adds between the songs. Uninstalled after three weeks.
They just removed a latest marathi film songs album which I was frequently listening these days. The claim of 30 min music without ads after a long ad is not right.
Good apps i wanna give 5 star but using this app longer and longer the ads come every 2 song after and says 30 min uninterrupted ads but when we play 3 song or more ads come again. Some song are unable to play. Last point when entering playlist it took time but when we turn off our net and enter the playlist it's fast... Wts does it mean?? Plzz fixed it
"It's a good app for music, but there's a lot of ads and you can't skip more than six songs."
There appears to be more and more bugs happening every day. It's a shame the overall rating doesn't fully capture the current experience using the mobile app. Every issue I'm experiencing I can find in other users ratings.
"Since my spotify got premium, my spotify was like possessed by a demon, it changed the song by itself, turns up the volume by itself, and annoys me by opening other pop up screens when I am typing, just like a cellphone screen that gets hit by water. It is not worth it at all."
Ever time I played a song it would ether play a song that won't stop playing unless I restart my phone or it would pause at random times!
"The moment I paid for premium, the app ain't starting and getting hanged. Wasn't expecting this action from Spotify."
"The app doesn't load in my phone, but liter version of it does and any other music player"
In the beginning Spotify was good but now it is the worst I can't skip music when I search for a song it gives me a playlist wih the same name and it doesn't even contain the song I want and songs are not full when I play a song it gives a very very short part of it uh And honestly sound cloud ☁️ is better 😌
No replay option!! You can only listen to music once!! Cheap app
"I stopped subscribing because you had podcaster that ia an anti vaxxer spreading disinformation. If he is gone , I will come back."
It's a pretty good app but i hate the update.
"Love this app, I only use this for my music streaming. I pay for premium for my family and both my mom and I have been experiencing weird pauses and skips. For example, sometimes when I let my phone screen time out while playing music and it goes dark it pauses, sometimes it will come back on its own and other times I have to restart the app. It pauses other times too. It's a minor inconvenience but very annoying."
"You're always updating. Stop. Get it to where it works and don't touch it. Every time you guys update the are problems... or maybe, I don't know, DO IT RIGHT. App is stopping again for no reason. And no, I don't want to uninstall and download all my music again."
The volume of music when using earphones is low but when the ads pop it will blow my ears and it has 2-3 ads in a row what waste of time I could just open my youtube app.
This app doesn't let your critique anything; whether it be like racist or single minded podcasts like behind the bastards or necronomipod. I find it quite humorous that such a large business could be so reckless when so many of their podcast creators destroy lives without little to any evidence.
"I can still access my playlists and play songs on the web browser, but through the mobile app, i cannot"
It works perfectly fine before but starting yesterday it won't get pass the spotify logo sign for minutes then it would freeze and exit on its own. I'm missing my playlists already so please fix it!
Usually I use use spotify daily but recently there's been a glitch and it just shows the logo when I open it and it doesn't work. I've tried doing things to my device to try and help it but nothings working.
"The new update sucks a fat one!! Pauses randomly, the player disappears and I can't pause/stop the music. Edit: after a couple of months, updates, re-installs, these issues are still happening. Very disappinting considering I have a pretty new high-powered Samsung galaxy."
"Jesus this is frustrating. Even though I force close this app several times, it immediately opens in my car and I can't get it to not connect. It is ridiculously frustrating. Borderline useless. I hope the engineers that worked on this get diarrhea and a cough for a week."
I like it but the new update is trash and is makes me want to get rid of it please fix it
"I mean I used to love spotify but now it literally plays an ad after every song. Not only this but it constantly exits the app and stops playing a song for no reason. It also skips songs on its own. It also plays those ads that supposedly gives you 30mins of ad free music if I watch it and when I do watch it, it starts playing ad after ad and it's annoying. I get you need to pay artists but the amount of ads played is ridiculous. Had to move to Apple music, can't use spotify no more."
"Spotify suddenly logged out my acc out of nowhere and they wouldn't let me log in. It always says, ""SOMETHING WENT WRONG, TRY TO USE YOUR EMIAL INSTEAD"" but whenever I try to use my email, it always says ""THERE'S NO USER FOUND IN THIS EMAIL"" It's frustrating!!!! I just want my acc back???!?!?!???"
It's a good app but when I tried to play my own playlist I made it just starts playing random songs that I don't even like Spotify if you can make it an option to make it were the only songs in there are the ones we pick and not some random songs
I'm not able to open Spotify
I hate how it adds more songs to a single song and you just wanted to listen to that one song and it adds songs to your playlists too.Also why can't you remove songs?
Bro when I connect my Alex to my phone click on a song it just doesn't play that song even when I am not connected to my Alex very bad aap
Used to be Great but now is not. When apps misfunctions one must delete all content to reset. No customer support exists-- just advice from other users. So to get the value of my Premium Subscription I must uninstall to re-install dumping my 1k song library 😞😓😩 07/22 no change. Review remains valid
Need to add option to redeem spotify card from app itself .currently I only see a credit card and paypal options .guess you guys dont seems to care .please add that option to the app or me personally I'm done .it shouldn't be hard to add that option to the app.
Constantly crashes on my pixel 6. Has so many bugs where it plays music but I can't pause or stop it.
Now ads bad app
"Lot of bugs, One of them is when you remove (-) a song and press next(>) in playlist--- It skips next two songs and plays"
Very good app but I know they want to have money but it is somewhat frustrating to wait 1 hour just to change the song if you have changed it 6 times besides you can't choose because you have to be premium for Not having to listen to other songs and only listen to the one you want
"I really love Spotify, but I recently moved to Apple music because of payment issues. I wish you guys will support Google pay for payments."
"I still have Spotify, and the songs are great, but the reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because there wasn't very many ads before, and now there are SEVERAL. I get the same ads over and over and over. I'm sick of it! AND NOW Spotify had decided to give me THE EXACT SAME AD TWICE IN A ROW. Like, seriously?! I don't want Premium. I'm not paying $15.00 for that bullsh*t. Fix. This. NOW. I'm literally currently trying to find a different app to listen to music on, but so far nothing good. FIX IT! 😠"
"Everytime I save my music to the SD card, the app decides to reset the default storage to local storage. This has happened 3 times now. I hate having to redownload everything again. It's heavily inconvenient. Fix this please. Otherwise it's a great app"
No CD quality yet!
"Spotify is currently useless, I can't pay for premium anymore. Its like they don't want my money anymore"
This app is ok but there is some issues about it.(1) if I was having my music on shuffle it would start playing random country songs that is not even on my playlist. (2) i cant even play my songs in order the way I want if I do then I would only give like 15 seconds of listening the song so it have to be on shuffle. (3) it sucks.
"this app used to be good,but now you have to buy some random thing to listen to the song you want to listen to,,please change it back to be free"
"I used to love this app, I was happy with the certain skips a hour but now three adverts before one song and worst part is, it is not even music from my playlist being played. I have certain playlists for each activity I'm doing or who ever is using my account and I don't like how when listening to my playlist, songs that aren't added start playing."
Don't ask me I reaubscibed and now the plan I originally had I didn't pick this individual plan I had the share plan and all the music saved is no longer and also save nothing created 3 playlists sat the past 30 mins adding music not one song saved ? What's the deal
Please enable the capability of clicking on music labels within the credits.
"Pls help me :( I installed app but it doesn't work, actually it stuck on the first page ( the first page which includes the green circle)"
It was great but now on this new phone the app doesn't pop-up on the lock screen or the notification panel it doesn't show a preview of the current song
"Device limit reach reached. Unable to download songs, no option to remove other devices, zero transparency on device count, 'sign out everywhere' does nothing and I have reached out to support. Spotify is awesome but this sucks. Show me my devices or let me remove them. Don't count old devices that have been offline for a year or more. Spotify apparently wants to burn money having this handled by their tech support department instead of providing an easy method for end-users."
Because of so much ads
The app would not let me play my liked songs instead just random now im mad please help
Some songs aren't available why? And there's a bug where I pause my music and the playback goes from 1:45 to 4:45 or even 0.
"It's okay, not great, not terrible, very okay, a bit janky on Android, sometimes stops working when I lock my screen, or just stops playing. Bit dissapointing for a paid service. The general UI experience is also weak, it'd be cool for a free app made by some stoner kids, but not a premium paid-for music service. Also no Raspberry Pi OS (ARM64 support is really REALLY quite lame.)"
I love this app it is the best app for music in my opinion but I hate how I'm listening to a song it ends and a whole different song pops up not even in my playlist I get it's supposed to get you into new music but it is so annoying I can be listening to my favorite song I cannot wait for this next song I really like here's a song that I've never liked and the artist is not the best otherwise it's pretty good app
The worst app I've ever been used . It's had show often same ads and after your mobile network issue the app doesn't support to play a single song.. That's why im1 uninstalling this worst app ...
The App just isn't playing the music when i cast it to my tv.
Very intrusive app that don't respect privacy.
"How about giving the option to listen to elevator music until the darn app open? Takes more than a minute to load up, really? It is truly the buggies app on my phone!"
Not good after recent update. I can't see what song is playing and it pauses at every notification I get
Does this app just shut itself off when an update is available idk but it's getting annoying that i have to come back every 2minutes to hit play again!
Updates always break the app stop updating so often
Fix the app. It keeps stopping and won't show on the notification bar.
Removing the Enhance feature from Like Songs makes exactly zero sense. Wish I could downgrade my version to get the feature again. Instead I have to fiddle by creating redundant playlists from my Liked Songs existing playlist.
"More commercials than music, this is no longer a music app...it's an add app! Your own greed will ruin you."
"App not working properly after latest update. No panel at bottom of screen to set sleep timer, and will stop playing after 5 minutes. Before this update I would use it every day, but just frustrating now, won't be using until fixed."
I like spotify but i hate that i can't just play my entire library without having to add songs to a playlist or like all songs. Can you just create a shuffle button to play all songs in a person's library?
"Generally fine. Not always as intuitive as the developers perhaps assume. Also hurry up and make a way to completely disable group sessions. If it's not something you want, the fact that someone in your group can change what you're listening to is very annoying. Especially when they don't even realize that they are doing it. See above for the app not always being as intuitive as developers assume"
Premium user here and can't use the app. It keeps on crashing the plsy/pause bar dissappears I can't play podcasts for longer than 5 minutes. I can't move around my playlists. This has been going on for weeks now. I want my money back.
Can't see the bar to skip 15 seconds etc at the bottom of the app or when the app is closed.
THE worst app. first my account automatically Log out and then all my favourite songs are gone. I update this app but still nothing. And I'm also uninstalling this. 😤😤😤😤😤
"Just got the s22 ultra, and after opening the app, it just shows the logo and doesn't do anything else. I haven't even logged in to my account"
I am getting sick of you guys changing what I am listening to when I press to play my liked playlist and you keep starting to play songs that are not on my liked playlist. I purposely choose to play my liked songs for a reason so stop changing it to play something that is not in my liked playlist. 😡 If I wanted to play random stuff I would say play suggested music but I don't hardly ever do that I just want the music I want to hear which is in my light playlist so stop messing with it. 😡
After the last update i dont have controls on pausing or seeing whats playing. It just plays and the only way of stopping is to force close the app. Samsung user
"The first few days it was a great app where I could listen to music freely, but now I have six skips an hour! And when I go on my playlist it says THEY ADDED STUFF ON MY PLAYLIST! That's my playlist! How are you gonna add songs that I don't even like! The songs that you add are not why I made the playlist! You're just ruining it, I'm going to a diffrent app. This one is just a waste of time, and money for people who use Spotify premium"
This app is terrible if you want to be able to play your own songs that you own. If you want to radio that you cannot control in any way shape or form it's fine if you want a pod catcher great if you want to be able to actually play your music that you own it gives you a middle finger
Great app but I have been having issue like when I playy music the app closes it and when I open the app it won't let me even I tried everything also the 6 skips is too low to be honest especially I have to whatch 5 amount of ads which is ridiculous I hope this get fixed
My playlits are all empty but on my ipad they are all there help me plss
It was working fine for many months but nowadays I am facing frequent crashes.sometimes the app doesn't work at aal.
Too much advertisements..
"What a sad excuse to make me pay for subscription. This app is horrifically hard to use. It's like telling a 2 year old how to do things. You tell the app to play this song, but except it plays something completely different all because ""you didn't pay the subscription."""
"Previous issue got fixed, but now it plays a song, but doesn't change interface, so you can pause skip and so on..."
Very very bad experience it only allows us to hear a particular song repeatedly....only when we have a playlist we could hear our favrt song rather than that it plays the same repeated song and from some particular movie ....it makes me very irritating while hearing the same set of song again again
All i can play are playlist
"I've noticed they use fake artist names on songs they got off of epidemic sound, not cool, they also have record labels using bots to Inflate artists views..."
"I have 3 Galaxy devices and it's the same over a of them. Stops playing constantly; probably about 10 times in a podcast. Randomly skips songs after the first 30 seconds. Have to reboot ap just to do it all over! Thought it was maybe my phone, but the ap is the same across all devices of mine and same complaints from my sister. I've had buggy aps, but I can say this is the least stable app that I have ever used."
Spotify the service is great for listening to music but their apps both for mobile and desktop are the absolute worst. I'm honestly thinking about switching to a different service just because of how absolutely terrible their apps are. They're always crashing or freezing and I need to keep restarting. Absolute nightmare.
App constantly crashes and now playing screen to pause no longer appears. FIX YOUR APP. This still continues despite the app being up to date. It's been months how is this still not fixed
Music should be uninterrupted and free
There are too many prblm with the quality of song as of changing quality to very high but still unsatisfied 101% much apk is resso I suggest to continue with resso
"Overall the app is pretty nice, but the ads are way too intrusive! Sometimes they show up just as soon as I start the app after a few hours of in activity or even first time in a day. This is not normal and user-friendly. Maybe give me at least a few tracks to listen, and then play your ads, would you? The ads shouldn't be the 1st thing that I see and hear."
I enjoy using Spotify but it's extremely difficult to update payment details. I've been trying to do this via the app and web for the last one hour to no avail! Check it out asap.
"All of the sudden I don't get sound coming from the left speakers in my car. It only happens when in the car. Is this a Spotify app issue, car or both? I have a 2020 Hyundai Tuscon."
"Would have loved to give it 5 star. But their payment system in Bangladesh is kind of a mess. I've tried local debit cards from 2 banks, none of them worked and their support couldn't gave me a solution. Also they should introduce mobile banking/MFS payment like Nagad, bKash, Rocket, Upay etc in Bangladesh. They'll get at least 5 times more subscriptions if they introduce MFS payment in Bangladesh. I will update the rating to 5 star if they do this."
"Since last update, podcasts stop literally every 10 minutes and the display screen is gone so you can't skip forward or back, view queue, add to queue. It's currently unusable."
"hi my spotify is not working today, i tried everything to reinstall it, clear cache, data, restart my phone, it won't work, it only shows up the logo and not responding please fix it thanku:(("
"I detest this app. It never works properly, I can't cast to Chromecast devices reliably, it auto plays randomly on other devices. I'm so close to just deleting the app and going with another service."
Sometimes Even I'm in online I can't search a song. The app says that I'm not in online 🤷‍♂️
"Sound quality is very good, if iam not using app then show adds no issue, but why r u showing adds to take premium, i will never take premium."
Can I subscribe to premium via Google play? Cannot find the options beside Visa and PayPal.
"Giving 2 star because- 1. Before the update I could hear my device's local music but now it's disappeared 2. After the update there are too many ads between 2 or 3 songs, it was not there before the update"
I just noticed that people can listen to songs with no ads for free with a glitch and I'm here paying premium.
EDIT: Changing my review from 5 star to 2 star. There are Tons of fake BOT playlists on Spotify and there is no way to report them. One of my Heavy metal tracks got randomly added to an EDM playlist despite not pitching there. EXTREMELY FISHY. Probably trying to tempt me into purchasing streams after I saw the amount of increase in streams. But it just hurts an Artists credibility. Spotify needs to allow us to report fake playlists. This drama of buying streams needs to end
I can't figure out what email I am logged in under. It will not allow me to cancel my premium subscription. I'm going to cry. Fix your app.
"The new background share to story ig it's not beautiful , I want traditional."
"Starts song radio randomly when listening to liked music, like its not necessary to do that, especially when im expecting a song to play next and then some random song comes on"
When I remove a song from my liked its still there for 8 days
"I'm enjoying this app very much! Lots of content and features that I love. 5 stars for all that! However, I can't pause podcast episodes with this new update. Super frustrating!"
Having a LOT of issues with the app just stopping all if a sudden. This has been since I made a family account.
Your app performance has fallen apart in the last few weeks. Regularly it forces me into offline mode now and doesn't have my full downloaded library despite being connected to working wifi. Regularly it fails mid song as well now. Sharing music is also not working across the board now. Previously everything worked and now it doesn't work well.
"STOP CHANGING MY LAYOUT. This time, I can't even play the songs. I love Spotify, but I'm almost giving up. These changes of layout are horrible, please stop."
More commercials than songs. Disappointing.
"It says ""no internet connection available"" when connected via wifi (not happening with 4g), which is very annoying because some of the content won't even try to load. However, internet connection is available."
No way to turn Spotify off. 😕 Had to uninstall it to get it to stop. Pausing it doesn't shut it off.
"Latest update automatically plays music upon opening the app when connected to a Bluetooth device??? EXTREMELY annoying, PLEASE allow an option to disable :("
All of a sudden it will no longer connects via bluetooth in any car. I have tried other apps as well as phone's and it appears to only be spotify that doesn't play.
"The music is perfect, but while I play the music, it stops by itself. I don't know why, but nothing wrong with my Internet connection or my data."
Spotify keeps crashing plz fix it otherwise it is a really good app I would recommend it
Why i cn Not open my acc in spotify i cnnot log in plss fix this
This app is so annoying! Everytime I tell it to play a playlist it just plays different songs I don't want and you can't even turn off the recommended songs thing! Please fix this because this is impossible and annoying to use because it doesnt play your playlists and adds songs to every playlist you make which is annoying! Please fix this!!
Can't use the song feature. Help me please
Its good but right now im experience songs playing even tho no song is playing plus when i installed it again its stuck with the spotify logo please fix this
Spotify has gotten much better than ever before. Great app and easy to use. Unfortunately they Censor quiet a bit of fact based political information like the X22 Report and Jordan Sather. But you can find them elsewhere
Just search and get the song or soundtrack. But I would reduce my rating if the adds keep on going. Because there is an add after every 2-3 songs.
Unusable without premium
"Every song I click on to play, it plays something entirely different. Why create a music streaming device that doesn't work? I miss the days of iTunes and iPods 😭"
"I used to love this app a lot... Many amazing songs and everything was so perfect... But now it's just like hell. It is reshuffling my songs by its own, adding songs which I don't even listen. I've searched a song almost 20 times and every time it plays different song... Please fix it immediately"
"I don't like the new update, I was using spotify cause it was legal to listening music without using youtube, but since the newest update, I can't choose songs it was random and I need to listen till the end, I could skip but there was a limit to do that. Please bring back the old spotify"
"This app was a huge hit and improved a lot. But personally, with each update this game makes me wanna cry. What's even 6 skips per hour? I'm not even gonna talk about the ads... This app just turned out to be a big disappointmen. Honestly at this point it's even better to pay for YouTube music premium"
"Used to be 5 but now 1 star since recent update. Player stops randomly, doesn't show playing, can't start or stop, no controls need to shut the app constantly. Fixed by delete and redownload but then a few days later back to the same. Utter shite. Please give me the old version back."
"Ok, the latest update is just horrible, there is a limitation of the number of skips i can do per hour, and i can only play my playlist with shuffle, now my hardwork of making the order of the songs are just ruined, don't download this, plus you need to hear all the other parts of the song just to listen to the chorus, just... Don't download this, you're wasting your time, i don't knwo if they will change this tho"
"I can't choose the song that i want to play, Can you fix this ?"
It stays on a black screen when i try to open it Please fix it
Won't show what's it's playing and how far you are into a song or podcast. Randomly stops when no ones pressed a button even with screen off 😒 🙄
My Spotify was before working properly but idk wht juz happened it's isn't opening...please do something
Spotify... I love you but i swear to God you dont respond to complains My playlist wont show up for no reason Fix it PLEASE i bet you
Its an ok app but it sucks bc they add stuff i never want to listen to and I never hear the stuff I liked
Ever since the June 2022 update controls no longer work. The only way to pause or stop spotify is to close the app. Media controls indicate no media is playing when audio is playing.
I can't play any music unless I'm on my Xbox or laptop and I can't find my like Playlist or any songs I try to add just are not there in I'm now in a bad mood when I post this.
"Now they've purportedly removed the 10k song limit on users libraries I'll like the app even more. One gripe, I used to be able to play my entire library at random....can't do it anymore without individually adding all my liked songs and albums to a playlist. An arduos task!"
"i don't like the update of spotify, when i log in and i gonna play a song it didn't play, the playlist i made is gone and the artists i follow. i wait but didn't work this is so bad."
You have to work on the UI also music suggestions are weak and not showing the new releases.
"Ads, ads everywhere, I understand an ad every three songs, but not three ads for every song, since yesterday that's what I get constanta both on mobile and pc, is this a bug or what?"
Its very discusting tumse achaa toh ganna hai salee spotify net is on tabh bhi no connetion dikha rha hai guys i suggest you download ganna app not Spotify
They are giving too much of ads
App keeps turning off since the last update
Spotify is it a glitch? When I click the song I like a random music will turn on. Or when I click the music it doesn't play full song. Please Spotify fix it I really need some songs.
"This app's updates are increasingly making it worse! The songs are very good even without the Premium version, but it makes it so that you will need to purchase it! Advertisements after a song ends once in a while is not that bad, but the main issue for me is the playlist customization. I can't rearrange songs, the playlist is always shuffled and sometimes it even plays songs that aren't even in the playlist for no reason! You can't even replay a song and it has a limit on skipping songs!"
"Too many bugs, also I can't get the Spotify widget to stay on after a locked screen. I must unlock the screen, go into the app then change the song, pause etc... not worth the premium family membership fees. I have been a loyal customer for many years, now I think I'll change to another service or way to play music in my car unless it's fixed asap! STILL NO HELP REGARDING THIS ISSUE...."
"Every week, the app logs me out and I have to delete it and reinstall."
I encountered the same problem with one of the reviews. I cannot access the app. It only shows the logo and wouldn't respond afterwards.
Way to many ads so get ready to cough up your clean lung to get ads free. audio quality is not original and stupidly compressed but Hey those Ads freakin CRISP!!!!
"This app is horrible you pick a song and it just make me listen to another song that I barely know probably it's cuz I use the the free kind but still it's horrible 😱. It just make me mad😠😤😡. Rating:3/10 ps. Listen to songs, play podcasts, create playlist and discover music you'll love more like music you hate😡"
"This app forces premium. I can live with ads and random shuffle, but now Spotify doesn't want to play my playlists I made anymore and spamms premium on me. It's very obnoxious and I can't recommend this app to anyone. I would pay if it was not this forced.. Currently a lot of bugs too."
"Previously was good. Recent times (a year - last months) various technical problems that continue. Audio stops playing randomly. You can also suddenly lose the control buttons of currently playing audio (you lose whole player view; audio controls and info what is playing and progress bar) and have to shutdown and restart the app to hope to get controls back etc. Now I noticed problems with skip buttons. Everything might work ok for a while, then problems continue."
Play bar/controls keep disappearing and I keep having to force stop the app to get it back. Tried reinstalling but the problem is still there
I liked the Spotify that let me see the songs I had in my playlist.
Almost unusable after update. Crashes and laggs all the time.
"stuck on splash screen, tried installing and uninstalling but it still doesnt work"
"What i hated here, is that, the premium feature, and random ads, And i cant click my own song, i can't skip, i can't click a song and it said i need to shuffle Music 💀😭😡🤧🤧🤧"
The suggestion song was annoying!!!
Doesn't work just stuck on the Spotify logo no matter how many times I uninstalled and reinstalled or clear data or anything it doesn't fix it I have a MUI 12
It's OK but I don't get to listen to the music I want or save it without paying every month.
"It keeps playing suggested songs, and I have found no way to turn them off. It irritates me a lot and others are having the same problem as well. Other than that, its great"
Stuck on loading screen
I liked it because there were no ads. As soon as I rated the app I got an add.. like literally right after I gave it 5 stars. Now I'm hearing too many adds.. sucks.
Disappearing media controls (bug known since april 2022) still hasn't been fixed.
"Spotify was great until it stopped taking my credit card payments for premium Like JUST TAKE MY MONEY...PLEASEEE!!! Everytime I type in my credit card info it keeps saying ""payment can't be made. Country does not match payment option "". It matched for two months , what's the problem now?"
Hectic with ads
"Suddenly I don't have the ""shuffle play"" option on mobile anymore. I can choose a song and then it will shuffle the rest of the que, but I can't just hit play and have it shuffle to a song. I used to be able to and now I can't"
Pushy and intrusive. Auto connects to Bluetooth devices with no option to stop it. Has soured the user experience.
For some reason lately the app won't show that it's playing and just crash. Gets really had to keep track of podcasts and playlists
"Very buggy on Galaxy S22. After playing something, the play band/navigation doesn't show up and thus can't switch output devices."
"The sound quality is very good and over all the app is amazing,but the ads...😩. The ads are freaking me out,an ad comes after a song.Its killing the mood"
The like button for added favorite song is not user friendly please add some warring or confirmation to like or dislike a song
Downloads always seem to disappear when I need them
Paying premium for music that skips. Not happy
"I am paying for this app and there is this very basic feature missing. I can't remove my recently played podcast, song from the home page look. Why? Every app on earth has this feature, why can't Spotify? Please suggest how to do it. I don't want everyone to see what i listened last if they ever see my phone."
"My Spotify keeps prompting offline even when on data. Have done troubleshoot, still same!"
spotify is not connecting to the internet ... i already tried all the solutions .. and not working. i do have internet cause other apps are working. even spotify lite is working. its just this version of spotify.
When I play a song not a Playlist it plays a different song not Evan by the artist
Been some problems with playback lately
"*edit: take it back. same problems despite paying for it. 🤷‍♀️* when I pay it works! I had to pause my subscription, and the app got glitchy. I have uninstalled and re-installed several times, but it randomly stops working and the bottom controls are gone when I open it again. husband doesn't have that problem with a different streaming app, and we have the same phone. 🤷‍♀️"
While it's fufills the needs of music when I make a playlist and I delete a added song it doesn't mean I want another one Spotify so ya the added songs really doesn't help when I have to pay 10 dollars(which I'll never do) just so I can listen to a song I actually enjoy. without skipping a couple of songs to hope to get the correct song I want to listen too
"Ever since the update, all playlists on spotify are telling me there is no music on then. But saying I can start a playlist. It's anoying."
Spotify asking me to create an account and I already have one and doesn't automatically login now
Spotify won't load in and stuck on the loading screen
Downloaded podcasts don't play all the way through without internet. It completely defeats the point of downloading...
Not so good. Unable to log in even if i m a premium member. Also not able to download music. Premium services are not available but debiting my account without giving me services every month
"Free version of Spotify is awful now, instead listening to add to get 30 minutes of music you get two songs and over a minute of ads. Also premium keeps going up in price it's a waste of money at this point"
I liked it how it was in the beginning all this updating I don't like it messes it up
Music is good but the problem is with advertisement
I was just trying to logout and it made me leave the app and when I went back on it I couldn't even use it cause it kept me in the logo and this has been happening for 4 days now yall better fix this also fix the fact that we can't hear the sound while in suggest songs
"what the hell?? everything was okay untill the new update. this app is impossible to use rn, the songs are playing on shuffle all the time and now they shown like a sentence or something please fix this :("
I love the app don't give me wrong but the app has this problem of playing songs you don't want to listen to. For example I was playing my liked songs and it started to play songs that weren't on my liked songs. (Please fix this bug)
Why can't I play songs on repeat
"Downloaded on my phone multiple times, it's not working. It's a black screen with the spotify logo but that's it. Will not do anything else. App is up to date, just not working."
It's gotten so bad recently The ads are so much Now the app also started to just stop Playing and needs to force shut down automatically.
Best quality of audio but sometimes the ad will come in front of audio
This app used to be great and the only thing I'd use to listen to music but now I can't login or else it crashes my phone and forces it to restart. I can't delete it because it crashes my phone and forces it to restart and so my only option would be to factory reset my phone.
"Horrible ad placing. Like there's literally 5 ads for every song. And they're not short 5 second ads no they're long as 30 second ads. That's a whole song worth of ads for every SINGLE song, like I'm not here for ads."
"I had a really good experience with Spotify But that was only when I had premium. when ur on the free plan u basically can't listen to music in the way you want at all. your playlist/songs are always on shuffle which is weird because sometimes you want your music in a certain order And then u only get 6 SKIPS an hour? So plus shuffle+ only 6 skips is already very strict. To add on you get 4 ads that are all 30 seconds, every 15 MINUTES. This is pushes people to other apps for a better experience"
"I want to stop downloading music because I'm not listening to it, but once I turn off the download, it continues to download, which is annoying because what's the point of turning off the download when it's still downloading? You should also include an easy-to-create playlist, such as my favorite songs. I put it on a playlist by category, but my patience isn't long enough to go through hundreds of songs one by one. There are many issues that can be improved. What a waste of money."
I love all the music but I hate podcasts. Literally less than zero interest in them but it's always shoving them in my face and often they have awkward pictures that I really don't care to see. The latest is they are in a language I don't even know so that's... cool... Would honestly give 5 stars if it weren't for that. I wish I had the option to remove the podcast section or at least dislike them so I don't have to see the awkward pictures.
Can be very frustrating to use at times. Ive had a old phone and now a new one. Same problems. Music rarely shows up what im playing on my home screen and sometimes doesnt show up at all on the spotify app when i clearly just select a song or podcast meaning i cant skip. To fix this you have to do a reinstall or logout login which fixes it for a time before going through the process again. I feel like they have also add a lot more shameless advertisement on podcasts for premium members.
New like songs ui is ugly we need back old like songs ui 😩
"Since the last 3 updates I have had nothing buy problems, app crashes every time I use it. Can't uninstall updates, this app now SUCKS. I use Spotify all day every day and I'm now forced to use Pandora which is just as bad, but at least it dont crash, if I could leave no stars I would. Dont down load this app"
"The play bar keeps disappearing. Only restarting the phone fixes it, but then it disappears again. This problem has been known for 2 months and still not fixed"
"This app was ok but it freezes the music while playing games, then when you press play, it restarts the song or skips ... Fix pls"
Can't play downloaded songs when you don't have internet.
music is nice but I'm tired of y'all playing w/ my playlist. y'all are so annoying bro. and the unnecessary updates bro AND THAT ADS! U DONT NEED THAT MANY ADS TO GEY MONEY BRO
"Kept randomly pausing playing music and podcasts. Done everything to fix it but to no avail. Finally uninstalled and reinstalled the app, but can no longer access the application after that step. It remains stuck on the green logo and doesn't matter how long I wait, it stays there. I have done everything, cleared caches, forced stop, clean reinstallations, checked for updates on app and phone (Samsung s10), everything, and nothing works. Only this app has stopped working. I am a Premium user."
Cannot update my premium. It always try to connect evn tho there is nothing wrong with the network.
"worst possible app. constant bugs and issues, shuffle is a joke, and the weekly recommendations are at least 50% songs i already listen to. premium is losing its worth every day."
Often does not work properly. As a subscriber I demand more
"Honestly, I like spotify, but I've noticed a new bug: When I don't use spotify, and cancel any music, random music starts playing every 1 or 2 hours. This never happened to me, a few months back. Now it's happening constantly"
Impossible to use liked songs will only play in shuffle controls are unbearable and the app is stuck on one song and will not let me play any others
Update has made it keep skipping its ridiculous
"Glitches CONSTANTLY, pauses ALL THE TIME. Def don't pay for a paid membership. What a joke. Worst money I've spent this year. Fix your app Spotify. If I could give you 0 stars I would."
"Just another way to be spied on by people with 💩 intentions- I miss the 80s You can laugh, but at least our every move isn't on candid camera, all our likes & dislikes are monitored. Technology is a donkey. Wait, that's mean to donkeys... You get the point- Enjoy your shower! May as well do it on the front lawn!!!! 🤪"
I want to cancel my membership but there is no where in the app to do so
"The amount of ads is pretty ridiculous. It used to play one ad for 30 minutes of ad-free listening, and it would do this /every/ 30 minutes. It was perfect. Now will give me like one 30 minute ad-free listening session a day. And when not ad free, there are ads practically every 2 songs. I would love for it to go back to the way it was, because I am absolutely tired of the ads."
Where did the play now bar go?!?! Also I can't flag offensive ads and dislike them. Suggested songs for Playlist should be an option. Otherwise good app. Thanks
Stop hijacking my lock screen with album art! I don't want everyone to know that I'm listening to the Frozen soundtrack 😂
More problems than any other streaming service. Even Deezer is more reliable.
"Your app needs a MAJOR redesign.The Joe Rogan podcast deal didn't make podcasts better on your app. Try a redesign of the UI that makes sense. That makes it easier to discover new things.Make it a more social and Connected network. Some new button deisgns, colour schemes, symmetry, minimalist.DARK AND LIGHT MODE. I can go on forever.Pump that cash into a user friendly design and make it available both for iOS and Android at the same time.Give users control.windows Xp media player visualisation."
When I play a podcast most of the time now it doesn't have the page to set a timer or fast forward the podcast etc. Considering I'm paying premium I expect better
I hate this app like there is a couple times when the Wi-Fi is strong but then it's still having problems working like it has its times when it doesn't work the way it's supposed to meaning the music won't work or the music will glitch which is why I hate this app other than that it's a pretty bad app it even shows lyrics which is good if you want to learn the lyrics of the song. I really hate the ads especially after like 5 minutes it goes to having three ads and everytime please fix that.
75% of the content you'll be listening to here is back-to-back ads. I hope there's a way to delete my account somehow....
"Spotify is an app that I'm always using but since the new update, the app just don't want to open it freeze. I tried everything 😪, I don't know what to do."
It plays songs that I don't want!!! It doesn't even deserve a star!! Fix it!!
Wont let me skip or turn off shuffle spotify isnt bad but spotify mobile is horrible.
"i love spotify but on my new android (motorola 5g stylus) it randomly crashes the app during a song and when i open it back up the song is there but restarted, its really annoying and needs to be fixed"
Because of your advertisement in this app.
"My spotify isn't working right now. My phone is Samsung A50 and every time I open my sporify app, it just stays on the logo. But in ny other phone, Asus, it totally works tho! I've tried reinstalling the app in my Samsung phone, clearing the cache, data and stuff but none of those worked and it's still broken! Please help!"
Hate the ads for a min🤦
I love all the music that is on this app but listening to 3 songs and then 4 adds that I can't skip unless I pay it realy annoying. Would love to give a higher rating buy can't with all the adds.
"Getting adds for premium while I already have it. Podcast pausing on it's own today. When I open the app while it's playing a podcast it brings me to the home screen like nothing is playing, no bar at the bottom for what's currently playing."
"The update on the 28th broke the app on my phone. Can't follow progress, won't work with Bluetooth and frequently auto stops podcasts or music."
"I understand the need for ads, but come on... I'm getting 3 30 second ads after nearly every song"
"I loved this app as soon as i downloaded it . Its now giving a lot of issues. Like , i cant choose the songs i wanna listen to, i cannot even skip the song i dont wanna listen to . I go to shuffle to play the full version and it plays a song i did not even bother to choose. I think its unfair to those who cant go to premium because i cannot be paying every month , its useless. I dislike this app now. I wont waste my time going to premium. I hate this premium, so unfair."
The App is too slow. But overall it's a great app to play music
Ads+shuffle only at least for my experience with using this on the phone
"Opens to a black screen on Android 12, then crashes. Reinstall didn't fix the issue."
Have used this app religiously but suddenly have been having issues playing music. Sometimes it refuses to even load artists or albums and other times it still plays music after closing out of the app entirely.
"Doesn't clear unfollowed podcasts or allow organization of home page. Tried clearing cache, data and removed all folders and files. Reinstalled and still have this issue. Makes the app unusable when driving which is my primary use case."
"can you please fix this app. Every time I go on the search bar to search some songs, my screen goes black and the song is not playing. Too many glitch."
Ad ad ad and just ad
"I thought Spotify would be a great music app until I actually installed it. I decided to make a Playlist and after 3 songs that I added myself a random song that wasn't my taste just started playing. Also when I searched up a song and clicked on it the song itself didn't play, I had to skip 7 times to get to it."
Much better now but still lacking in a few ways. I still really want the option to fine tune what kind of tracks play in a radio and to have a supermix for when I want to listen to a little bit of everything and not sure what exactly to listen too.... Edit: now just crashes on my a53 kinda disappointed
After last these last few updates it's become incredibly glitchy
Over adds while during using the app
"Love it but the button to report explicit content don't work. I don't mind the explicit content but it's nice to hit the block explicit button around the kids. Sucks when bad words get through. IT'S BEEN YEARS, FIX IT!!!"
Spotify will soon join MySpace and Netscape...it keeps getting worse with every update.
Galaxy S21 + .....Music has now started to stop/pause for no reason during playback. Have tried everything and still continues to happen.
"Never plays the songs that are actually on the Playlist I selected, even when I search specific songs it plays ones I don't want. On the rare occasion it plays the song I do want to play, it only plays 3 seconds of the song. If I could rate 0 stars, I would. YouTube is a better app for music than thus garbage"
The sharing option not working properly.
"Mine just stop opening this July 2022, Its stuck at loading screen (spotify logo) and doesnt open the app at all. Tried uninstall/install - clear data/cache - phone is up to date - app is also up to date. Please support 😔"
"Shuffle play is bad, also an unreliable app!!"
Literally have to reinstall this app everyday. It just doesn't work. Probabally should end my membership. This is garbage.
"Recently the app has gotten really buggy - random pauses in the middle of a song or podcast, sometimes songs won't start playing, etc. Today's update is even worse and has made it so I can't even open it up. It just sits there and loads endlessly. I usually love Spotify, but the app is currently unusable. I'll update my review once they fix it."
Good app but now song lyrics wrong having பாடல் வரிகள் தவறாக உள்ளது *Note this*
I find myself using apple music more nowadays because of the lossless stream option. The difference in audio quality is night and day.
"Since the last upgrade, 6.28.22 Spotify no longer works."
Need to have regular versions of the songs you change some to clean and it's annoying
This is a great app but at times it just refuses to launch. Has been like this on and off for a couple months now. Slightly frustrating.
"Highly unresponsive after you open Spotify from overview press at bottom screen. You have to either shut it down and launch it again or wait for it to load for almost 15 seconds, then the app wakes up and starts running. Very annoying and have to press almost 5 or 6 times to play a song."
Can't just download 1 song from album when rest of album is rubbish amazon you can and so much simpler to use
If I don't have premium and I try to listen to the songs on my playlist it playing songs that are not on the playlist. I would suggest that you fix that so that we can just listen to the songs on our playlist than listening to something that is not on the playlist
"Decent but......this app has potential to be great BUT the podcasts stop on every single podcast out of the blue, I have to keep manually hitting play which is not feasible to working in a clean room and not being able to touch your device. Please fix. Also, it'll play podcasts I've previously listened to and deleted randomly. Annoying!!!!"
"The app was cool and easy to use at first, then it wouldn't let me pick what song I wanted to listen to and limited my skips. I was also trying to practice something and I can't."
Playback always stopped suddenly
"I generally enjoy Spotify, but lately it's been doing this thing where if I'm playing music on a playlist, it will play random songs that are definitely NOT on that playlist. Very annoying."
Impossible to listen to offline playlists unless started on wifi.
"i enjoy my spotify premium, It lets me play musics I want and gives me a time of my life. But when using another app or playing some as background music, The player keeps crashing everytime It plays only 1 song. Its annoying how i need to go back to spotify and play it again. But it repeats the crashing too, please fix this. My money is worth nothing if this doesn't even get fixed."
"Has gotten better over time, but certain bugs like shared playlists not showing up in the list have been present for ages."
Won't play anything that I select. It just gives me a black screen. A little mad since I just paid for premium.
"The worst, most unstable app I've ever used for Android. Audio goes out when screen turns off, audio controls frequently crash while playing, integrated ads crash podcasts, audio skips, etc. I want to support Spotify because of commitment to free speech, but such an awful, unstable POS makes it a challenge."
This service is great but the app crashes and causes the app I am using to crash.
"Don't know why I'm paying for subscription, none of my downloads are available, it'll say downloaded, show how many i have, but nothing is available to play while i am out of cell and wifi range. Everything works when i have connection, but i download shows and music so i can play when out of service, which is like more than half of my life working in remote Alaska. Downloaded items should be available without a connection. Now after update, even with connection, i can't play anything"
"great app, it's just when I click on a song it usually plays a random song."
"app can't be opened, it was take long time to load. can u fix that problem asap?"
"Too many ads, I understand that if I don't have premium I will need to see ads but there are too many! I already learned the Disney plus ad and I had no intention in learning it!"
After every update it becomes worst Because ads increase almost after 2 song ads start. And it irritated everyone 😞😞😞😞😞 . Now I feel that downloaded song in your device is better to use this..... 😔😔😔😔
I'm frustrated I can't listen to music no more I tried everything I uninstall it waited two hours to have the screen pop up it's just the Spotify icon the whole time I can't login or anything I looked up how to troubleshoot I tried everything I don't know what's wrong I'll change the rating till it works
wth is the update i lit cant do stuff unless i have premium
Where has the play bar gone?? I can't use Bluetooth or skip anything!!
"Please remove continuous ad of one product, for eg. Chand balliyan,rayban...i am listening this ad every interval of 3 songs.the reason I had unistall this app and one of the worst app i had ever used add every 2 songs interval itna toh YouTube par bhi add nahi aata yeh toh phir bhi...."
I dont like this app .... No one song is played in my phone ...
Playlist are not very Indian friendly
I have been using like 4 years sound quality and loading works fairly but the problem is any music playlist I play it repeats 4 to 5 songs reapeatly please repair the bug. And please try to show less ads for the listeners who cannot afford premium account.
I think that Spotify is good but it doesn't have so many songs that I like but is still good
Too many Ads in it
Gives a bit problem sometimes otherwise it's good and ads come very quickly
"Unskipabke Ads after every 2 songs played, poor-autoplay recommendation relative to YouTube, miniscule inventory."
"Your app sucks... The autoplay doesnt work, I get to hear more ads than music... And I don't understand that why does the autoplay have so much issue... Update: The Auto Play still sucks... Update 2.: Now the app refuses to start... Update 3: Player has become buggy... Update 4: Repeating songs in discovery queue... Update 5: Your App Player is dead..."
"No video when attached to Bluetooth , joe Rogan is carrying this entire platform"
My Spotify won't open and is stuck at the logo
Worked great until a software update. Now all the Playlist on my phone appear empty and Spotify claims it can't connect to the internet whenever I use search to fine music...
First you could choose songs from between your playlist and put your favourite songs but now you have to wait for you to listen to that song it's not how it used to be alot more things I would like to tell you but I won't I'll let the rating decide my experience
"I used to love this app. But after the update I'm hating this. The song which i want to listen, which i play it gives u another song. It's really annoying. I can't listen the songs which i want to listen. If you can't listen to your favourite songs, then what's the point to use spotify? It says you can only skip the song if you buy the premium one. Dude i don’t want to buy the premium one. Before updating this app it was too good but what happend after the update. It’s really annoying"
"Every time a notification comes through since the update, Spotify pauses then never starts playing again. This includes Spotify's in-app ads. Pretty awesome when trying to listen while doing things and it's paused every few minutes."
"I don't like it, when ever I make a playlist then play it, it always plays the songs YOU added, it's really laggy even tho my wifi is good but I can still play sometimes, when I play a song the recent song played not the one that I wanted to play"
One of the worst pain in this app is getting stuck on the loading screen it takes so long or forever. Please fix it.
I hate this app because you literally have to wait an hour just to skip a song
"Too bad, not easy to use. The interface is very complex.Don't Download"
"poor performance, too slow to load, more glitches, and even more low on quality unlike Apple Music. Sorry, just giving 2 star for now Update: now the apps gone stuck on bootlogo, i think i overspent too much of my credit card balance just for this useless junk app. Fix it or many would be dissapointed."
What's wrong I can't take student premium it again n again ask to verify me after that blank pages occurs what's wrong that Sheerid ???
I try to put on a Playlist and it says (this Playlist is empty) & when I put a song on it doesn't play. Spotify better be on the verge of fixing this cause it's the summertime I need my music Don't piss me off Spotify Get it fix
Bro 💀 i tried downloading the app today and try it out but it can't even open Lmao 💀 plus i used to use Spotify and it would keep playing random songs and when i search up something there's always different results
Sometimes it plays and won't pause or pull up the play bar when listening to podcasts. Im new to Spotify and im wondering if I should find a different app to use. Seems to to have bugs that need fixed.
"Can you fix this please? Just please please please please please, I'm begging you, why i can't download songs in my premium, like, the download button on my playlist doesn't appear color green when i tap the download button, and i can't even go offline because of that"
App needing update as studdlently stops repeating songs and other times when music randomly stops
"Confusing interface. Right now Spotify is way too complex, less is more. Right now I'm finally going back Google podcasts, soz"
We don't all have bank accounts for premium. NOT OUR FAULT. At least create a physical account so we can deposit cash with reference to our email or OTP or something..
Even when I have premium I don't get premium features
Continue to have problems with app not stopping play. App will say nothing is playing but there it is definitely playing. I have to go into settings and force stop the app. Also will do the opposite. I will open the app and can't get anything to play and will have to force stop the app. Then it seams to work for awhile.
I paid for premium and am getting commercials. WHAT A SCAM!
"Review has moved from five stars to one. 6yr premium customer, miss 1 payment, my account is removed from Spotify and all music lost. no contact number. Will be using competitors apps."
"Used to be good. I have over 1800 songs in a playlist and it will play the same maybe 150 songs. It'll also be at ""the end"" of the playlist waaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy too soon. What happened Spotify?"
When I logged out it never opened again. I reinstalled and restarted my phone. It's still stuck at the spotify logo screen.
"While I think that Spotify deserves way more stars, I do habe some problems with the app in general. For example, while in Offline Mode, the app will repeatedly reset all downloaded songs, so that it simply doesn't work. The Playlist I've downloaded shows the little icon at the top that it's all downloaded, but when I scroll down, the songs just don't play and neither do they have the little download icon. It's just really annoying me because then I have to redownload the songs and use Data"
"When i am listening to music it keeps on randomly pausing the music for a split second the carries on playing it, or I have to turn on my phone to stop it from doing that. I have the latest update and it still does it. I think it is still experiencing glitches."
Not a good and very bad but song are not played in front page. Mans will search the song and playing song
Laggy and doesn't open
"It was fine until that auto shuffle happened, if i try to play from my liked Playlist, it plays songs that I never heard before. It won't let me play other songs without it being in playlist shuffle either. It would be fine if that wasn't added, Let people enjoy listening to the music they like and not have to pay for premium to stop that auto shuffle."
Pauses for no reason and podcasts just refuse too play at all
"it often doesn't load or takes ages to even open, and at some point it just stops me from liking songs which makes it really hard to even listen to some stuff. Overall it's a great app but it just gets on my nerves at the moment."
"I have used my Spotify on numerous devices over the years. That being said, Spotify has always been a challenge to play music and podcasts in areas with less than great cell service. Web pages and YouTube videos will load but Spotify will not. Very frustrating when I pay for this subscription. Saved music and podcasts take extremely long to register when offline and will often tell me ""no connection "" Overall I love the content so I will keep paying"
"nice app,though can you stop shuffling my songs with other songs that i dont want to listen to?"
"I really love using Spotify, but for the past few days the app isn't opening at all. Until this isn't rectified, my review will be one star. Otherwise the app is great to use. Really sad about not being able to listen to my playlists."
It always act up its not good whenever it starts acting up i thought of updating it but it does same thing again and again...no words totally lost it
"While listening to long 4-5 hour podcasts, Spotify will lose track of where you are and start the whole thing from the start multiple times a day"
I'm using the app since one year it's sound quality is good but now the problem is from 1 month after I updated the app many of the songs are not able to play it's just disgusting to hear it in the Spotify so just take a look in to it..
"Since last update I have lost control of how I can play music, it stops for no reason, there is no play pause buttons anymore. The only way to stop the music is by closing the app. Today i can't even play music at all... What's next? Spotify any solutions? Do I have to keep paying for your no service?"
The app is great but the update is not good when I try to play my fav song a totally different song play that I never heard and I can't restart the song I like I like the app when it dint update
"I loved this app but recently when updated I cannot play songs from the playlistd that I made and when i press the play button it says that I get only 6 skips per hour. I mean like ""WHAT THE HELL"". I want to play the songs in an order i have set my self. Not mixed. And whenever i play a song spotify premium keeps coming off. I'm deleting this song until this is fixed. Until then Bye."
Only advertisement for our premium
Worse app ever..!! If we search good song for caller tune. It's not available. They can't search know songs also sometimes Jio team makes everything for business. At first everything was free not they are charging for everything
"Hi, I've been using Spotify from 3 months it was a amazing experience but it does not open now it's saying I'm ofline but i have unlimited wifi access i have been trying to open it by deleting it and then installing it but it doesn't work please sort out the problem..."
It is the better but a am chose one Star because this app ads so iriteded
I can't open the app anymore after I payed for premium and I don't think that is fair please fix this ASAP I can't listen to music anymore
Changed my review because the app didn't work for me. I accidentally logged out from my acc but when I tried to login again the app just blank(black). Nothing. I've restarted my phone and reinstall the app but still the same thing happened.
Bad Experience. When streaming/playing downloads the glitches or stop playing. Why there is no support desk?!
It used to be a great app but now it just became bad. You have to watch atleast 5 videos after a song and you only get 6 skips an hour (a ridiculously low amount). When you find the song you want it ridiculously plays a different song by another singer instead the song you want. I'm not sure how you guys get payed to do this but you need to fix it now.
"What happened to Spotify it's not the same, whenever i choose a single or album the songs are not there and when i it different music will play"
I don't understand why I can not play back the music of my choice I only have an option to next 6 times in 1 hour
Mc why too many ads always.
Please make us play any song without using Premium
Worst app Finding ways to just earn money everyday
"I don't what happened But all of the sudden it Stop working So, i tried to restart the app but it now just show a blank screen i tried about 15 installing and uninstalling it but still won't work"
"Always barges in. Connect phone to the car, spotify app starts playing. Connect it to ANYTHING else it starts playing. Overrides EVERYTHING! Can't kill it, even a forced stop can't stop it. This is the most annoying BULLY app I ever download. DO NOT DOWNLOAD. LOOK FOR something ELSE."
"Frequent crashes, also I pay for the premium and still get advertising for the JRE!? Still better then pandora but maybe not worth buying."
"""Offline Mode"" is the biggest useless feature ever. I might actually cancel my Spotify acct over the amount of times I've tried to listen to my DOWNLOADED music while away from data service and CANT. HOW USELESS."
WAS a good app. Until you couldn't play the song without shuffling. And the layout is different. I advise you to go back to YouTube music. At least could play a song. :(
There's many songs but you can't listen to them free. So it's very disrupting that there's add and sometimes you have to wait for skip. It's like everything have to be payed to do something.....
"I'm an Spotify user since many years. Never faced any problem but now I'm not able to share my lyrics !! My device is completely based on Android 12 , and the app is up to date !! Please look into ⚠️"
You have to buy there stupid premium just to play a single song I literally have to go through 20 songs just to get to the one I want
"I’ve been a Spotify user for a long time, but just this year I’m having some discomfort using Spotify. My internet network is very good, but it’s hard to play music"
Too many ads
I don't like the new update it's confusing
Group sessions don't work at l All
"Hey! Spotify team please help I am trying to login to my Spotify account for past week with this same email id and i have made many attempts but my account is not opening 🥺🥺.. I also have a student plan and most importantly my life without music is so empty, my day starts with listening to music and also ends with music.. Please resolve my issue ASAP..PLEASE 🥺"
Too slow and can't choose music to play
My playlist keeps being shortened somehow and everytime I play a song from my playlist and close my playlist music stops and I can't play it it was fine yesterday but today its rlly bothering me..sorry but can u fix what's going on?
"Hi, can you fix it when i play my favorite song it always short song"
"Terrible. Not worth it. Used to be great but now I can't get through one song or podcast anymore without it buffering or skipping. Even downloaded songs have issues. I tried everything- resetting my wifi, removing all downloaded songs, clearing the cache, lowering streaming quality, uninstalling then reinstalling. Don't waste your time with this one"
Spotify is not working in my phone
"Not opening on my mobile.. Just showing a blank page with logo and then gets stuck.. I cleared my cache, updated to the latest version, rebooted my device, still the problem continues!"
Music quality not so good
"It bothers me that when you don't have a premium when the ads come on they sound 10 times louder than the music sounds, which is a problem when you listen to music with a speaker or with headphones, because it forces you to turn up the volume because you don't listen to the song and then feel like you're going deaf from the commercials"
complete trash to say the least can't even open my liked songs
It's amazing but payment is the baddest idea here
Waste of time there no song if you want to listen a song then search its singer's name that is always worst app for ever
I try putting a song but it shuffles and puts a different one
To much add without subscription 😐😐
"I give this 2 stars because everytime I open the spotify and play some music it always say ""no network connection"" even though our WiFi is doing great. Please fix this. 😤☠️💢"
"It always complain no internet connection whereas my net is already working for other apps. It was so frustrating,please check with your networking code backside what outdated protocol they must be using"
"Please increase the volume of the musics. Sound quality should be more good, rich and enhanced. In home tab, contents are taking much time to load. Make spotify lightweight and fast. There have huge battery consumption while streaming."
"One night I just turned on Spotify, when it said my free trial was up... The one I diden't even ask for. I was ok with it untill I saw my playlist. The only option was ""shuffle"" I couldn't even listen to the songs in order! I tried to, and whenever I clicked on the names of the songs listed out, and would only let me hear a clip. I need music to go to sleep. The ads where loud even though I had my volume down. Still anoyed, the layout is WAY to complicated if you don't have primium."
"First time not opening the app, bad app"
"Sad because of blatant censorship. My podcast episodes with the COVID ""warning"" on them, crash the program. So effectively I cannot listen to any podcasts that do not fit the narrative."
Sound quality in premium category has decreased. Earlier I was really impressed compare to any other music streaming app.
I can't play my playlist:/
So difficult to play songs and keep songs... Not suitable to play specific songs you want but good for random playlist
I don' t like this app.I can't listen my favourite song in play list with out premium .Because the playlist does not play the songs we want.
Hey there . I am daily listener of Spotify.And I also want a primium subscribtion. So I request you to add a reedeem gift code payment method to primium plan. Thanku.
Why so many ads bruh.
Stuck at logo and loading screen after I log out.
Bad lyrics. Poor sound quality.
I'm in Spotify premium but why there still ads I'm try to relaxing and suddenly ads appears pls fix this 🥱
Spotify is great I don't have to keep turning my phone on to keep listening to music although after 2 songs on my playlist it switches to a random song that is not on my playlists witch gets me anoyed
"Various issues from not loading/crashing to playing songs without actually playing, song plays but no bar down the bottom"
Make it fully free cause we all need music!. ill give yah five stars you gotta be kidding with the extra pay just to use it with a Fitbit like woooooooooow just stop!
"Trash app, ads after every 2 or 3 songs. Lucky that there's hacked spotify"
I can't get my Spotify app to work been working on it fo r days what's the problem?
Ok so I can't play my favorited music it says that there is an error and won't load I will raise the stars whenever you find a fix.
Too Too Too Too much ads.... Highly disappointed 👎👎👎
It used to be great but now it's restricting and quite unusable it's forcing us users to go premium if you don't change it like before I will delete this app.
I love this app but I I have been having some problems with my liked songs in my library and it only plays part of the song. And I can't change the song at all
The app lost all my playlists last week and no matter how many times I reinstall it and the SD card it will not work. I am travelling this week and it looks like without my music. Why do developers try to improve apps but just break them instead. Pissed off.
"I would really to buy a subscription, but podcasts are still unavailable in South Korea. Any idea when this will change?"
"Uninstalling spotify, heats my phone up, drains my battery big time and always running in the background."
Spotify is not working on Android auto please fix it
Too many ads
"Bro this freaking app says I have no internet even when I do, this is so annoying let me just use your ducking app already"
No pause and play button for ages!
Let the app keep the phone unlocked while playing or I'm not resubbing. It's dangerous while driving otherwise. And it USED TO DO THIS!
"It is harder to add a ""Spotify premium"" $30. Dollar card, and open an account than it was to blindly purchase the card. I wouldn't suggest this app. To an associate and have 'Him or Her' Angry at me when they purchase a Gift Card, and have a problem to using it."
Spotify without premium is very stupid
"Horrible experience. Ads middle songs. Middle my sleeping med. music. Wakes me up in shock, coz its super loud and out of context. Impossible to rewind the song or play again. Its like fnk app try to tell you how to listen to your music. Its pathetic. If there would be server, jumping in every 5 min in my coversation to promote menu unless i pay 5 bucks, id break his nose. These ones are hiding behind the screen and doing same thing. Downloaded evwrything elswhere. Vomit"
My translator disappeared and also there's no karaoke option
"Spotify keeps stopping mid song after I start. Happens sometimes every song, sometimes every 3rd but always happens. I'm the only one who uses it, cleared cache, uninstall and reinstalled, dont use power saving mode ever, have perfect Internet, deleted all my data and saved and started over and it CONTINUES to happen. I PAY for this, if its not fixed in the next couple of days I'm cancelling my subscription because this is pathetic at best."
"Terrible, you can't even pick an exact song without paying $10 a month, just get YouTube vanced, it has way better selection, you have the freedom to pick the actual song you want to listen to and there's no ads."
"I use spotify on a phone and ,oh boy, it's a nightmare. First of all there's a ridiculous amount of adds,you only get six times to skip a song and it resets in an hour, and you can't pick what song you listen to, there's only shuffle."
Stop adding songs to the Playlist i create if I wanted to listen to that music i would have played a list that would have me discover songs! I created my own Playlist so I don't have to use my skips looking for a song I want. Very disappointing the app would be great if this was fixed. Don't wast your time getting frustrated.Please fix this
Same issue not opening app completely can be fixed and review updated
Why do I need premium to listen to my favorite music
"The app is not bad overall, just the fact that it takes a few days for lyrics to be uploaded after a song has been released. Also not all songs have lyrics. Bhorex"
The media player outside of the app and the progress bar inside the app disappear way to frequently. I have to hard quit the app multiple times to resolve the issue.
"Annoyed by how many unstable ads there are and decided to review about it specifically. I get around 10+ ads in a row and only 2-3 songs. Maybe 5 ads in a row at least. This is normal when I play music, and it shouldn't be. Rare for my playlists to have no ads for 30 minutes as Spotify states. It used to not be this messy. Please code whatever to fix this, it's an everyday situation. I shouldn't jump from each playlist to try and find the right spot to get ""30 min free listening."""
Add a damn option to confirm whether you want to connect to a certain Bluetooth device or not. Had too many occasions where the options for connections would bounce all over the place due to constantly finding and forgetting ones only to mis-click away from the thing I wanted instead to a device someone else is always using. Awkward to use and inconvenient.
It just stopped working
After two or three song they give a long add which is really anonning .when I use the first there will have add but add remain after the 30 min
"This app is good. But for some reason, The Shuffle is always on... But when the PC version comes into use, it's always off. Is the songs policy always behind a paywall or you guys just want to get money by premium... This isn't why ""Free"" streaming apps are for... The shuffle isn't helping you by you're problems.... It's just making the listener's mood and their problems unsolvable..."
"Podcasts turn off by themselves, sound plays without app controls"
"Was a good app but then all my playlists started coming up with: we added... Which is really annoying, because u can't get rid of them. It also only let me play 5 secs of what I wanted 2 play, so after the last update it is bad"
Worst app not songs only adds wast of data
Way too many ads. Jst to for for premium.. Are u guys serious I mean i cud download music files form somewhere else.. And if I want latest music I cn check on u tube seriously u guys are getting worse and worse jst belive me after some month or mayb a year this app is going down
"I have been using Spotify for over 2 years and after this update, I'm no longer able to play any music. All my playlists are empty and I'll open up Artist playlists and they say empty as well. Says to check my internet and I'm connected, all my other apps are working, just not this one."
Too many ads. It's annoying.
"There's no order to shuffling, you'll be listening to an up-beat song and suddenly an extremely depressing song comes on, it really ruins the mood. I'm sure if they can organize their playlists into upbeat and sad songs, they can organize their shuffling."
App is broken on android. Does not play music. Does not list songs in playlists.
"Hi this app I great but it keeps adding songs I don't want on my playlist and it's really annoying because I don't like them. Please fix this, thankyou"
Was going fine with the app for a couple of days then all of a sudden it refused to let me in I can't listen to any of the songs on my playlist without glitching I'm very close to deleting this app 🤬
"If I could rate this a 0 I would, My name is Hannah and I'm 11 and I absolutely hate this app. I downloaded it and signed in made a playlist and what happend you may ask, well they added what they wanted onto it, it's so rude and when I tried to delete it of it said that I couldn't because they had picked it special for me, and it wouldn't let me play any other songs in my playlist, so just like that an hour after I down loaded it it's been installed an hour later. I'm never downloading again"
I cant play my favourite music cuz im free listener before 2 days ago I could to play my favourite music but now I can't I think because im in free mode
Love it but one downside is i pay $10 a month for downloaded songs that never show up when I dont have signal. So it's kinda feeling like a waste of time and money.
My app is not working i have the logo in the middle of the screen i restarted it and i uninstall it and download it again still not working help
"Anyone who has loading issues after the update, read on! Take out your SD card, restart your phone, and launch spotify. It worked for me after doing this, even after reinserting the SD card afterwards."
"App doesn't perform well, but I like the layout and the features"
Wont let me play my songs and keeps playing other songs.
Everything is v.well but when i search a song then single song isn't shown as search result then i played album then it's auto set on loop then the song isn't played another artist song played i don't know why but please change this feature or guide user.
"Skipping during every song, especially on lock screen. Typically won't play it at all on lock screen. Please fix!"
Please fix this update. Why am I unable to rewind anymore? What is happening?!
"Used to put a clip of the song in items shared to other platforms... no longer. Very sad, was 5 stars."
"Newest update is terrible. Sound just cuts out and needs to be restarted manually. Also, no way (or not an easy way) to get to episode to restart or rewind."
Spotify changes my playlist to music I did not select. I find this annoying
Sad to say that since the latest Samsung phone update Spotify will not work. It appears to be connected showing green moving bars on the tune selected but is mute. Also the app appears frozen as it is not possible to start or pause.
A have a lot of problems with it but the most important is the fact that I can't search up a song and play it on its own without listening the that specific whole album. And if you try selecting the album to pick out and play that specific song it won't work it just plays what it want from that album. And also freezes my attempt to skip the songs till I get to the one I want after 6 tries for one whole hour. I was actually trying to rate it 0 but I see 1 is the lowest
"my spotify started freezing and won't open. When I try to log in it pretends to log in and then shows the login screen again and doesn't log back in. It started happening like this last night, I logged out of my account and it stayed that way. I deleted the app, restored or restarted but still the same, please help."
I've been paying more for less. Every time I open the app I'm spammed with an ad about some new content from someone I've never shown interest in. Now I'm getting ads for their car thing.
"Honestly in the beginning I loved Spotify. I even decided to start paying for it so I could listen to music with unlimited skips and no commercials. However, in the past few weeks, especially since getting my new phone the app randomly stops playing and turns off. When in my car it skips like a CD constantly. It's frustrating and frankly I'll probably cancel my subscription if not fixed, even if it is a minor inconvenience, it shouldn't be happening."
"Same old glitchy BS from the beginning. This service isn't worth the money. Won't play app closes itself. Stop playing randomly, start playing randomly. So all and all not worth it"
"What the hell happened?? I used to love using Spotify but now it keeps pausing randomly in the middle of my songs and podcasts. And there's some kind of weird glitch where when you press play, it'll start playing the song. But you can't pause it, skip to the next song, or even see what song is playing. I don't know what happened but this app is barely usable at this point."
Iam unable to open spotify it is always stuck with its symbol and black screen when i open the app😭
man when in phone i can't play the song i like form the playlist sometimes it adds unwanted songs
The now playing part doesn't show up so I can't compile a playlist
"The apps sound quality is very nice and I appreciate it but sometimes the songs stop playing and I have to play it again and again, the ads are the most important part like I know that I don't have a premium pack but it does not mean that there will be ad after every song and not one but two aur three, that's very annoying and irritating. Please fix it 🙏"
The Android wrapper is garbage. Extremely glitchy from time to time even though my updates are turned on. Main issue is that I cannot see what song/podcast is playing (so now I am stuck at 1.5 x speed on Stevie Wonder--a setting I used for listening to podcasts).
"Whenever i skip a song, it goes hidden. Why? Just because i didnt want to listen to that song then, or i accidentally skipped it, i cant listen to it? And removing it from hidden is hard too. It doesnt work most of the time. I tapped a hidden song hundreds of times to get it unhiden, but that only worked twice. If i want to make it hidden, give me the option to do so, dont make it mandatory to skip the song. And i cant link to google account. I have just lost everything because of that. 0/10bad"
App does not seem to work on Samsung Galaxy A50! Cannot search for music. App crashes if I attempt to add a song to a Playlist and cannot see Playlist after adding songs on the web. No option appears to play songs either. I have deleted and reinstalled the app several times and have logged out and back in several times. I have done everything that I know to reduce background apps running and ensure wifi signal strength. Simply put your app is not compatible with my phone.
Great music but after a while the music started cutting out and it had been cutting out every few seconds and if I didn't turn my screen back on it would keep cutting out so I uninstalled and reinstalled it and now nothing loads. I have been using spotify for about 4-5 years now and nothing has happened but now it won't load at all.
Too much ads
Gives you ads a lot and you get like 10 30 seconds ads in a row
Everytime I install the app it opens it but it won't go to the log in page it only stays on the Spotify logo and it just stays there I've tried to install and uninstall the app but it doesn't work. And even tryed to restart my phone and check my data and it still doesn't work.
I can't believe I pay £10 a month for this and you still block the whole screen on startup with ads asking to refer a friend.
Nah you guys are bad I went to play some of my liked songs and it gave me something else songs I don't even know. I just wanna listen to my favorite song.
I have a free account but I just got charged $9.99.
"The app has been fine for me ever since I downloaded it (probably 2 years ago), but since 2 days ago it hasn't been working for me at all. Only opens with the logo showing up in the middle of a black screen, then never responding after. Tried all the things I could in reddit and guides online, same result. Uninstalled multiple times and reinstalled only to be met with the same exact result. Tried deleting cache and data, still the same thing. Hope my app gets fixed :("
App contacts Spotify and shows preferences but doesn't provide Playlist when you click on selected items.
"I cant play the songs i want but instead, its playing other songs. It was ok before but now i cannot play sons i want"
It was fine before update but after the update I can't pick the songs I want to play on the playlist I made to listen to Please fix it!!
Good app but still some songs should be there I like BTS still with you song and many more English and Hindi so 😶
Great service terrible annoying pestering adds and emails I got four emails in one day about the same promotion. I've unsubscribed from the email but the point is that it's shameless and shouldn't happen. At this point I'd rather go back to YouTube adds than deal with this over the top in your face self promotion. Good job losing a customer spotify.
"Seems to use up a lot of processing, cause audio to cut out when using Bluetooth earbuds. Other music players work fine."
Play random song that I don't want like even look for the right song no random song so one star
the app is not opening even after reinstalling for several times. Tried to contact via email no response. All it shows is the logo and nothing else
"Someone hacked my account and changed my DOB and now I can't change it back. Also, there aren't random genre Playlist. Only what someone has created."
The now playing bar is gone. The app is now useless
It's annoying like when ever I'm doing my play list it comes up with random songs that I don't like 😐 andit evens makes me so frustrated with this app I did it as a 1 star because it doesn't play Ur song it plays something else.
Fix your stupid app. It's been crashing for months now
"Very annoying app for the Android version. Yes, I am using the free version, but it does not mean I cannot back track a playlist, only giving forward/next track option. Cruel thing you have got. I still prefer the PC version. And if you like get the Windows version spoilt too."
The worst app ever... Was working fine for a few but now I can't even login and i used to use this app for studying but now as i can't even login it's becoming awful.... Spotify please as soon as possible resolve this issue... I like this app. I mean i love it but now i am disappointed... Please solve i want to study happily.... Please please please 🥺
